<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p>The Billing Engineering team is responsible for building the billing platform behind ClickHouse Cloud. Our team is looking for exceptional software engineers who can work on a variety of technologies including frontend and backend while integrating with various external systems. You’ll work on mission-critical flows with a direct impact on the business. The team collaborates with stakeholders from across the business to provide the best experience for our customers (reliability, scalability, privacy, security, observability) while keeping accuracy and compliance a priority in everything we build.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What will you do?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build ClickHouse cloud’s billing and metering platform - Design and build mission-critical processes that literally keep the lights on.</li>
<li>Create with purpose. Have a reason and rationale for the decisions you make throughout the creative process to empower you and the rest of the team to present our ideas and sell our solutions to various peers and stakeholders.</li>
<li>Deliver frameworks and platforms that are secure, efficient, mature, and highly available that abstract away infrastructure complexity.</li>
<li>Partner with multi-disciplinary teams to define business strategies, user needs, and optimal solutions.</li>
<li>Integrate with a variety of systems (Billing, Metering, Logging, Monitoring, Support, etc…)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 5+ years of relevant software development industry experience building front-end systems running on the cloud.</li>
<li>Hands-on development experience leading and shipping large-scope technical projects in collaboration with multiple experienced engineers.</li>
<li>Technologies: Typescript, Serverless, EKS, SQS, Mongo, Node.JS (Proficiency in multiple languages preferred), React.</li>
<li>Experience with billing concepts, such as credit card processing, usage-based billing, metering, CSP marketplaces (AWS, GCP, Azure), invoicing, sales tax, auditing and record-keeping.</li>
<li>Strong ownership and experience building and operating&nbsp; high-scale, distributed systems across the full software life cycle.</li>
<li>Expertise with a public cloud provider (AWS, GCP, Azure) and their infrastructure as a service offering.</li>
<li>You have excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and across engineering teams.</li>
<li>You are a strong problem solver and have solid production debugging skills.</li>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced environment and see yourself as a partner with the business with the shared goal of moving the business forward.</li>
<li>You have a high level of responsibility, ownership, and accountability.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-JL1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>