<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong>The role</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for a&nbsp;<strong>Senior Network Engineer </strong>to join our team to ensure smooth and stable operation of data center infrastructure, points of presence, and our own backbone network. The engineer will also design and develop data center networks with thousands of server ports, InfiniBand-based GPU cluster interconnect networks, and automation and management tools for such networks.</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work in our office in <span class="tvm-operation\_\_underline">Amsterdam</span>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Provide technical design, operations, duties and assistance to related cross-functional teams, including the internal R&amp;D team, HWaaS, and all-around cloud overlay &amp; underlay network environments.</li>
<li>Develop monitoring and automation tools.</li>
<li>Contribute to the launch of new regions within our cloud and GPU platforms.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>We expect you to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expert-level (jncie/ccie) expertise in MPLS, routing and switching Service Provider and DataCenter networks, Ethernet switching/vxlan, routing (BGP/isis), SR mpls+v6, traffic balancing/ECMP, l3 mpls VPN, and cloud overlay network technologies.</li>
<li>Experience in developing and documenting a network design.</li>
<li>Experience in developing plans for testing network infrastructure and vendors.</li>
<li>Experience diagnosing problems with the TCP/IPv4/v6 protocol stack in a CLOS topology data center network.</li>
<li>Knowledge of the design and internal architecture of modern network equipment, QoS mechanisms, and operations.</li>
<li>Experience working with Juniper, Arista, Huawei, and Mellanox switches and routers.</li>
<li>Working proficiency in English.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>It would be an added bonus if you had:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Working proficiency in any other European language</li>
<li>Working knowledge of public clouds and GPU+infiniband networking</li>
<li>Knowledge of software-defined networking overlays for the cloud environment</li>
<li>Knowledge of Python, Go, or other popular programming languages in the Linux environment.</li>
<li>Experience using these programming languages for task automation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>