<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>As a member of the Marketing team, you will serve as the vital link between our customers’ needs and the products we offer. Your role is twofold: internally, you advocate for the customer’s perspective; externally, you articulate our products’ value with clarity and conviction. This demands a thorough understanding of our technology and its advantages, enabling you to craft and execute product marketing strategies that place product at the centre of the story. Collaborating closely with our Product, Programmes &amp; Partnerships, and wider Marketing &amp; Communications teams, you will ensure our messaging is authentic, consistent and compelling across all touchpoints</p>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1534">Develop core marketing materials for both internal and external audiences—sharp one-pagers, clear positioning statements, and messaging that resonates. You will be the fierce guardian of these messages, ensuring their integrity and consistency across all touchpoints.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1805">Embed yourself within our Product and Programmes &amp; Partnerships teams to distill technology benefits into compelling product stores that resonate with diverse audiences.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1978">Conduct incisive market analysis to uncover feature-level product differentiation, emerging trends and new opportunities.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2103">Collaborate closely with our Communications, Events, and Content teams to craft compelling, authentic stories across diverse digital and physical channels.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2262">Provide strategic support to our Programmes &amp; Partnership teams, equipping them with powerful narratives and materials to advance our mission.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2408">Maintain a proactive, hands-on approach, readily contributing whatever is necessary to achieve our mission objectives.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>You are driven by purpose. In a world of near-infinite possibilities, we have chosen to dedicate ourselves to safeguarding democracies. Join us if this mission resonates deeply with you.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You are a master storyteller. You possess the rare ability to distil complex ideas into approachable, authentic narratives that are not only compelling but truly memorable.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You are naturally collaborative. We thrive as a unified team, relying on shared expertise and mutual support to achieve success. You excel at building trust, fostering strong relationships, and embracing shared responsibility.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You are an agile problem-solver. A self-starter who takes full ownership, you deliver consistently and exercise sound judgment to identify the best course of action.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You are adaptable and intellectually curious. You thrive in dynamic environments, readily embracing new technologies, processes, and scenarios, and adapting at pace. Your passion for exploration and continuous learning fuels your pursuit of excellence.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Must Have&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3562">
<p>Fluency in both English and German, written and spoken.</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3619">
<p>c.10+ years of professional experience in core areas outlined above.</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3666">
<p>Willingness and ability to travel periodically to other international offices, including London and Paris.</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3774">
<p>Proven experience and demonstrable success in technology product marketing, ideally within a fast-paced or impactful environment.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Nice to Have&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3919">
<p>Experience within the defence sector.</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3958">
<p>Complementary creative skills, such as advanced copywriting, graphic design, or basic coding/web development skills.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Note: The above bullet points describe the ideal candidate. None of us matched all of these at once when we first joined Helsing. We encourage you to apply even if you believe you meet only part of our wish list, or if you have something different, or extra, that you believe you would contribute to Helsing’s marketing team.</p>
<p>This position may require the successful applicant to apply for and be granted security clearance.</p>
<h2><strong>Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individuals are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="1 1 [&quot;table&quot;,{&quot;displayMode&quot;:null,&quot;isNumberColumnEnabled&quot;:false,&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;localId&quot;:&quot;bbd74d83-0b12-4e71-a1f3-30156373b99d&quot;,&quot;width&quot;:760,&quot;\_\_autoSize&quot;:false},&quot;tableRow&quot;,{},&quot;tableCell&quot;,{&quot;colspan&quot;:1,&quot;rowspan&quot;:1,&quot;colwidth&quot;:null,&quot;background&quot;:null}]"><span style="color: rgb(236, 240, 241);">#LI-DNI</span></p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>