<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><h3><strong>The Team:</strong></h3>
<p>The Learning &amp; Leadership Development team is the center of expertise for all topics around Talent Development, Company Leadership, Learning &amp; Development as well as Onboarding. We are a global team with colleagues located around the globe.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>The Role:</strong></h3>
<p>As an integral part of our Learning &amp; Leadership Development team, you’ll play a key role in supporting the growth of our Celonauts and Leaders. You'll assist in the planning, execution, and delivery of various programs and initiatives, often partnering with teams across Celonis to bring these impactful learning experiences to life.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with the team to assist in the planning, coordinating, managing logistics, communication, and execution of learning programs, workshops, and events.</li>
<li>Support the development and maintenance of learning materials, resources, and online content.</li>
<li>Support with Workday LMS management.</li>
<li>Support the team in marketing and communicating learning opportunities to ensure high engagement.</li>
<li>Provide support for our learning platforms (e.g., Workday LMS, O'Reilly, Rosetta Stone), including user management and basic troubleshooting.</li>
<li>Assist in conducting research into leading L&amp;D providers, industry trends, and innovative learning methodologies to continually enhance our offerings, and support vendor coordination as needed.</li>
<li>Help manage, track, and analyze training attendance, gather feedback, evaluate program effectiveness, and generate reports that inform our strategy.</li>
<li>Contribute to the maintenance and creation of engaging and informative team pages on the Celonis intranet.</li>
<li>Leverage your creative skills to help design learning experiences.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Student in Business Administration / Organizational Psychology / Human Resources or a related field in an international environment preferred (e.g. semester abroad)</li>
<li>Passionate about learning and development or have at best already gained experience in Learning &amp; Development (either through a first internship or university project)</li>
<li>Think analytically, work very structured and quickly comprehend new topics and complex interrelationships to work and communicate effectively</li>
<li>Have excellent communication and presentation skills, and are fluent in English (German, Spanish or other languages are a plus).</li>
<li>Show extraordinary engagement with extracurricular activities e.g. student consultancy or student club, or volunteering.</li>
<li>Excellent organizational and time management skills, capable of multitasking and meeting deadlines.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Agile way of working, adapting to shifting priorities.</li>
<li>Very detail-oriented and attentive to accuracy.</li>
<li>Knowledge and experience with instructional design is a plus and ability to demonstrate creative ways to design and develop learning content.</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Full-time availability (40h/week) for 12 months.&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>