## 1KOMMA5°

We are looking for you to join our tech team in Berlin, Munich, or Hamburg. 1KOMMA5° is creating Germany's largest one-stop-shop for the sale, installation, and servicing of solar panels, heat pumps, electricity solutions, and charging infrastructure. And the best part? They are all interconnected!<br><br>Become a part of our mission and learn <a href="https://1komma5.com/de/ueber-uns/jobs/tech/">more</a> about our Product &amp; Tech team!

## Deine Position

You will work on transforming the energy market by enabling seamless and efficient booking of our digital services and purchase of the necessary hardware.<br><br>As a Software Engineer in 1KOMMA5°, you will be a member of a cross-functional team alongside frontend and backend engineers, product managers and UX/UI developers. You will help build a self-organised tech team, responsible for developing, deploying and running their own solutions to contribute to those work streams. Cloud Architects and SREs will enable you to easily deliver and run software in a consistent, secure and reliable way.<br>Key responsibilities include but are not limited to:<br><ul><li>Building and shaping a business-critical application</li><li>Create, implement, evaluate and deploy software solutions to solve complex problems in a simplified way</li><li>Lay the foundation and architecture for lightweight, flexible and reliable application setups to scale globally</li><li>Promote teamwork and successful project execution</li><li>Improve developer satisfaction by constantly avoiding/reducing tech-debt, automating as much as possible and documenting decisions, runbooks etc.</li><li>Work across your boundaries and interact in close collaboration with our stakeholders and other teams</li></ul>

## Dein Profil

You check most of the following boxes:<br><ul><li>Extensive experience writing <strong>maintainable, reusable, and testable code</strong> in <strong>TypeScript</strong>, with strong skills in <strong>frontend frameworks</strong> (e.g. React, Next.js or similar)</li><li>Experience with <strong>e-commerce platforms</strong> is a clear plus</li><li>Experience with <strong>NestJS in large scale applications</strong> is a clear plus</li><li>A broad knowledge of various <strong>architectural patterns</strong> and experience implementing them with CI/CD using GitHub Actions and cloud infrastructure (GCP/Vercel)</li><li>Worked in a <strong>cross-functional team</strong> being responsible for the <strong>full software development lifecycle</strong></li><li>A pragmatic, product-focused mindset that balances technical excellence with delivering customer value</li><li>Profound spoken and written English skills, German is a plus</li></ul>We are an ambitious and dynamic company with a talented team. We require our engineers to be imaginative, enthusiastic, and willing to tackle new challenges as we strive to provide everyone with renewable energy technologies.

## Benefits

<ul><li>You are part of an international, dynamic, and highly motivated team of people who have proven to make things happen</li><li>With your work, you accelerate the "energy transition" and hence have a direct impact on our climate</li><li>Work with and learn from other super-smart colleagues</li><li>You will enjoy direct contact with core decision-makers</li><li>You will enjoy the best chances of entering full-time in one of Europe’s most thriving scaleups</li><li>You work remotely (Germany-wide), with offices in Hamburg, Berlin or Munich</li><li>Create a healthy balance alongside your work and enjoy all the benefits of the EGYM Wellpass</li><li>Whether city bike or e-bike - be flexible with our job bike leasing and do something good for the environment at the same time</li></ul>