<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>The global merchant team ensures best-in-class restaurant and store selection for consumers while building products and services that help merchants grow their businesses profitably. We collaborate closely with commercial teams in 29 countries across our five global subteams:</p>
<ul>
<li>Merchant S&amp;O (Strategy &amp; Operations) – Drives merchant strategy, experience, performance tracking, and commercial go-to-market approaches.</li>
<li>Sales S&amp;O – Develops sales processes, tools, and enablement programs to improve productivity.</li>
<li>Merchant Operations – Focuses on onboarding, in-store flows, self-service tooling, and integrations.</li>
<li>Enterprise – Works with global merchant partners to grow our joint business.</li>
<li>B2B – Develops new merchant service offerings, such as logistics as a service (Drive).</li>
</ul>
<p>We are seeking a data-driven <strong>manager</strong> to optimize global account management processes and enable local teams to grow merchant businesses and reduce churn. This role involves analyzing, designing, and implementing scalable strategies and programs that drive operational excellence and business growth.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop and implement global programs and processes, creating strategies that drive merchant sales growth, improve profitability, and reduce churn across +30 markets.</li>
<li>Identify and scale best practices from different markets across the company.</li>
<li>Lead and manage cross-functional projects with product, analytics, marketing, legal, and finance teams.</li>
<li>Use data insights to make informed business decisions, enhance reporting, and address data gaps.</li>
<li>Train and support local account management teams by developing a centralized resource hub.</li>
<li>This role will report to the Head of Global Account Management, Merchant S&amp;O.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years in management consulting, with a focus on operational improvement and process optimization, preferably in tech, platform businesses, or global retail/FMCG.</li>
<li>1-2 years of experience in account management or sales within a tech/platform ecosystem or global retailer. Startup/scale-up experience is a plus.</li>
<li>Strong strategic thinking and analytical execution skills, with proficiency in MS Office (Excel &amp; PowerPoint). Experience with Looker or SQL is a bonus.</li>
<li>Experience with CRM tools (Salesforce) or project management platforms (Monday.com) is an advantage.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to engage and influence teams across all levels an absolute must.</li>
<li>Strong ownership mindset, able to work independently while managing multiple projects.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>If you are excited about working with the nicest of people, in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an ambitious team, then click below to apply and let’s get the conversation going!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>