<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>TEAM OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR’s Client Operations team owns and operates most dimensions of the client lifecycle. We are responsible for the client interactions, underlying operating models, and overarching strategy related to client onboarding, product onboarding, capital activity, communications, inquiry servicing, offboarding, and more. Our mission is to provide a leading client experience.</p>
<p>We are 60+ professionals committed to delivering exceptional service and building lasting relationships with our clients. Our team is global in every sense of the word – working across all asset classes, products, and geographies – to ensure that our clients have seamless and positive experiences with KKR’s products, services, and people. As such, we work closely with KKR’s Global Client Solutions (“KCS”) and Global Wealth Solutions (“GWS”), Business Operations (Legal, Compliance, Treasury, Tax, Finance, Technology, etc.), and Deal teams.</p>
<p>We are passionate about understanding our clients’ needs, providing leading solutions, and driving client satisfaction. Our team operates in a dynamic environment where problem-solving, communication, and attention to detail are key. We prioritize a culture of empathy, responsiveness, and continuous improvement, where every team member is encouraged to share ideas and contribute to our clients’ success.</p>
<p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p>
<p>KKR is seeking to hire for a Associate/ AVP level role working alongside the EMEA GWS team, based in the Zurich office.</p>
<p>The hire will work closely with the International Head of Wealth IR within the Client Operations team, assisting in the onboarding and maintenance of existing and new client relationships. As part of the role, the hire will help in the implementation and refinement of onboarding procedures, ensuring best-in-class client experience.</p>
<p>The hire will also work closely with the GWS relationship management team in Switzerland, supporting distribution of all KKR’s K-Series investment strategies to intermediaries serving the wealth market across Europe and the Middle East. Intermediaries include all major wealth platforms, private banks, insurance companies with retail distribution, independent wealth managers and multi-family offices. The hire will have an opportunity to develop both client relationships and product expertise in a variety of alternative asset classes, including private equity, infrastructure, real estate, private and liquid credit strategies.</p>
<p>The hire will work on tasks including presentations, meeting preparation, marketing support, platform onboarding and end to end client servicing.&nbsp; The hire will act as a gateway for global product teams to access information on the European client base, and will interact regularly with multiple stakeholders across KKR.</p>
<p><strong>IDEAL EXPERIENCE</strong></p>
<p>A successful candidate typically will have 3+ years of industry experience.</p>
<p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with the Head of International Wealth IR to ensure our platform partner and client experience (pre and post sales) is seamless</li>
<li>Work closely with GWS EMEA Sales team through managing onboarding processes for new clients and responding to ad hoc prospective and existing investor queries</li>
<li>Assist in the overall formalizing and institutionalizing of the client experience across both closed-ended and open-ended fund offerings; encouraged to help execute ways to improve efficiency and information flow</li>
<li>Help create and continually improve upon external client reporting templates, focusing on standardization across our democratized product suite and helping to ensure consistency across GWS business units in the Americas, EMEA and APAC</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>CRITICAL COMPETENCIES FOR SUCCESS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong relationship development skills, including over the phone with global teams and with individuals of whom work is being requested</li>
<li>Relevant experience in financial services / investment management</li>
<li>Client management / onboarding experience</li>
<li>Positive attitude with a willingness to help out wherever necessary</li>
<li>Excellent PowerPoint &amp; Excel skills (PowerPoint being the more important skill)</li>
<li>Very strong attention to detail</li>
<li>Team-oriented</li>
<li>Quick learner with clear intellectual curiosity and self-motivation</li>
<li>Proven ability to manage multiple demands and projects in a fast-paced work environment, including ability to prioritize time efficiently and handle heavy workloads while remaining attentive to detail</li>
<li>Maturity, presence, sound judgment, and ability to form and express opinions effectively</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English and German. Proficiency in Italian and/or French are considered an asset.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-ONSITE</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>