📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

Today we're looking for a Product Owner who will join our HR&CRMS team, in charge to secure our mission of Gather, manage & Spread Employee data life cycle across multiple and heterogeneous systems. **This is a position only open to freelancers.**

## 🎯 TASKS

- You define the strategy and the vision for the product from a business perspective;
- You translate the product vision into concrete services and tools and set their prioritization, in collaboration with your stakeholders, according to business value;
- You work in a collaborative, and agile way of working, inside the product and with business teams;
- You define the roadmap and the objectives of the product according to the company’s objectives, and you are able at any time to measure the performance and the achievement of the team;
- You write user stories, monitor the progress of the tasks, and ensure at all times that members of your team have all the necessary elements to respect the product engagement on time, on quality, and on budget.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- BSc degree (ideally: from Engineering or Business field);
- At least 4 years of experience as a Product Owner or Project Manager;
- Roadmap vision and planning;
- Experience managing the product backlog and prioritizing;
- Knowledge of Scrum and Agile Software Development Methodology;
- Ability to work across teams and locations;
- Excellent oral and written communication;
- Passionate about technology, with a strong focus on building products and services that deliver measurable customer value.
- Understanding of technical requirements and user design principles;
- Understanding the correct level of testing.
- Fluent in English.

## 👉 NICE TO HAVE skills

- Knowledge of JIRA tool;
- Knowledge on HR Domain;
- Knowledge of analytic tools / KPI monitoring;
- Experience integrating AI into processes and tools to unleash productivity.
- Understanding of technical requirements and user design principles;
- Understanding the correct level of testing.

## ✅ BENEFITS

- Variable bonus;
- Dynamic and creative environment within international teams;
- The variety of self-education courses on our e-learning platform;
- The participation in meetups and conferences locally and internationally;
- Flexible Office with up to 2 days at home;
- Flexible retribution package (including Medical Insurance);
- Video games, beer, and quiz parties with colleagues;
- Veepee discounts.

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ 30-minute HR Screen with a Veepeeᵀᵉᶜʰ Recruiter
- 2️⃣ Technical exchange with a Lead PO
- 3️⃣ Technical exchange with an Team (PO + Lead Dev)
- 4️⃣ Team Interview

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself!For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗COMPANY For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/veepee-tech/>