<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></p>
<p>As a Braze Customer Success Manager you will work closely with some of the most innovative brands in Japan to help them realize value from their investment in Braze.</p>
<ul>
<li>Own client renewals, retention and net retention targets for your customers</li>
<li>Be your customers’ main point of contact and trusted advisor at Braze</li>
<li>Partner with Account Executives to provide an excellent customer experience and to ensure commercial alignment</li>
<li>Drive feature adoption by building a shared Success Plan with your customers, providing strategic and technical guidance, enablement, and day-to-day advice to help them hit their objectives with Braze</li>
<li>Drive customer advocacy by building strong customer relationships and creating mutual value for your customers and Braze</li>
<li>Proactively analyze your customer product usage to identify opportunities and risks to account health</li>
<li>Maintain ongoing regular contact with your customers via ad-hoc communications, regular check-ins, events, and Executive Business Reviews.</li>
<li>Advocate for your customers, soliciting and synthesizing customer product feedback to contribute to product development</li>
<li>Provide continuing education for customers to maximize product usage, identifying new or unused Braze features that could provide value for your customer and represent an upsell opportunity for Braze.</li>
<li>In addition to being a dedicated contact for strategy, product training inquiries, you will coordinate with other Braze teams including Technical Support, Industry Solutions, and Deliverability Services to ensure your customers receive the support they need simply and seamlessly</li>
<li>Work with Onboarding Managers and other Customer Success Partners to seamlessly transition clients from onboarding to ongoing activity.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are passionate about customer success and find satisfaction in helping your customers achieve great things.</li>
<li>You have a proven track record in customer success and are seeking to progress your career, with one of the industry’s most advanced customer success teams.</li>
<li>You are an excellent communicator with exemplary written and verbal communication skills (Japanese), business proficient English, coupled with unparalleled follow up skills. Clients and colleagues have the impression that you listen and understand the strategic problems they are trying to solve</li>
<li>You’re excited by working with companies of all sizes who want to elevate their customer experiences</li>
<li>You’re known for being a “team player.” We just can’t emphasize this enough</li>
<li>You build great relationships with colleagues and customers</li>
<li>You have a high level of intellectual curiosity. You see opportunity and growth in learning more about what you do and how it impacts others</li>
<li>You have experience successfully managing complex accounts or projects with sophisticated clients, multiple stakeholders, and competing priorities</li>
<li>You have excellent time management skills</li>
<li>You have domain knowledge of two or more of the following:&nbsp; SaaS, Mobile, APIs, Marketing Automation, Direct Marketing, Marketing Analytics or Programming (HTML etc)</li>
<li>2-5 years relevant experience in a related area, for example Onboarding, Customer Success, Implementations or Project Management</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note this job description cannot possibly cover every duty you may need to undertake, you may be asked by your line manager to handle other reasonable responsibilities commensurate with the role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>