<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Technical Account Management (TAM) team directly supports our largest, and fastest growing paid users.&nbsp; We provide proactive consultation, best practice guidance, and ongoing managed services to optimize and accelerate our users’ business. We pursue excellence in user service, aiming to consistently exceed expectations.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>Stripe is looking for an EMEA-based leader to mentor, lead, and grow Stripes within Technical Account Management (TAM). This manager will lead an established group of high-performing Stripes working predominantly with top Platform and/or direct merchants across EMEA. This manager’s day to day interactions with the team will cultivate a high performance environment, define and implement cross-functional solutions at scale, lead through user challenges and provide continual mentorship and feedback. In addition, this manager will work cross-functionally to drive operational programs to elevate Stripe’s level of service and support through setting strategy, defining clear goals and determining prioritization with data and user feedback.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Partner with the TAM leadership to shape the strategy for Stripe’s largest segment and most complex engagements.</li>
<li>Lead a team of technical account managers working with Stripe’s largest users.</li>
<li>Partner cross functionally with GTM, CSM, Product, Engineering, Professional Services and Solution Architects to deliver end to end solutions for EMEA platforms and other segment top users.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hire and retain top technical talent as the team scales.</li>
<li>Guide the TAM organization to deliver incredible services experiences, grow services revenue, and contribute to strategic programs.</li>
<li>Ensure that team members are happy, effective, and growing in their career and user work.</li>
<li>Set clear goals and direction for the team and each individual; provide regular feedback on your team members’ performance.</li>
<li>Analyze data from user feedback and experiences to drive efficiency and build quality.</li>
<li>Be an advocate for Stripe users and champion for users’ needs internally.</li>
<li>Transmit and foster our values, serving as a beacon of Stripe’s user-centric philosophy and culture of transparency, empathy, inclusion and empowerment.</li>
<li>Help build the organization through management projects such as recruiting, training, writing team policies, defining team processes, or other organizational improvements.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience in professional services, customer success, solutions architecture, or technical account management programs.</li>
<li>3+ years of people management experience, leading senior technical ICs.</li>
<li>Experience working with strategic accounts.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>An ability to build trust with users, setting a high bar for quality, with a willingness to lead by example.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with fintech SaaS products and/or Payments industry.</li>
<li>Experience leading growth initiatives (through driving sales revenue and/or elevating operational service) with winning track-record.</li>
<li>Proven ability to scale a technical services or technical support team in a high-growth environment.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>