<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> India
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><b>About Us</b></div><div><br></div><div><b>Role Summary</b></div><div><span>The IT Enterprise Engineering team provides technical leadership for our Collaboration, Identity, Workflow, Compute, Storage, and End User Compute environments.&nbsp; Microsoft Power Platform is emerging as a critical enabler for business success, and we are looking to bring on additional resources to accelerate several exciting projects. The right candidate will join a small team as it looks to build upon the success of earlier initiatives and champion the adoption of the platform throughout the organization.</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What you will do</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Grow the adoption of Power Platform by collaborating with developers, IT, and business stakeholders to refine strategy, automate workflows, and enhance platform capabilities, including Copilot Studio and GenAI features.</li><li>Design reliable integrations and automations between Power Platform and business systems, ensuring stability through robust testing while transforming existing processes into efficient Power Platform solutions.</li><li>Administer our Power Platform environments including strategy, licensing and monitoring</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What you will bring</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Hands-on 3 - 4 years of experience of Microsoft 365 and Power Platform, including building Power Automate cloud and desktop flows, Power Apps and Copilot Studio agents.</li><li>Knowledge of cloud services (AWS, Azure) and how they can be combined with Power Platform services.</li><li>Understanding of Agile working practices and experience working in scrum teams.</li><li>An enthusiasm for optimizing and automating business processes.</li><li>Passion for delivering solutions that have a great user experience.</li><li>Strong communication, problem-solving, and analytical skills.</li><li>Proven track record of driving usage and adoption of Power Platform solutions in a business environment.</li><li>Ability to communicate the value of Power Platform solutions to non-technical stakeholders.</li><li>Experience with Power Platform administration, including setup, configuration and maintenance of the COE Starter kit and other related technologies.</li><li>Experience with licensing in the Power Platform and the ability to provide expert advice on the topic.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div>#LI-Remote</div><div>#B2</div><div><br></div><div><b>Ready to Join Us?</b></div><div>At Sophos, we believe in the power of diverse perspectives to fuel innovation. Research shows that candidates sometimes hesitate to apply if they don't check every box in a job description. We challenge that notion. Your unique experiences and skills might be exactly what we need to enhance our team. Don't let a checklist hold you back –&nbsp;we encourage you to apply.</div><div><br></div><div><b>What's Great About Sophos?</b></div><div>·&nbsp; &nbsp;Sophos operates a remote-first working model, making remote work the primary option for most employees.          However, some roles may necessitate a hybrid approach. Please refer to the location details in our job postings for further information.</div><div>·&nbsp; &nbsp;Our people – we innovate and create, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit</div><div>·&nbsp; &nbsp;Employee-led diversity and inclusion networks that build community and provide education and advocacy</div><div>·&nbsp; &nbsp;Annual charity and fundraising initiatives and volunteer days for employees to support local communities</div><div>·&nbsp; &nbsp;Global employee sustainability initiatives to reduce our environmental footprint</div><div>·&nbsp; &nbsp;Global fitness and trivia competitions to keep our bodies and minds sharp</div><div>·&nbsp; &nbsp;Global wellbeing days for employees to relax and recharge&nbsp;</div><div>·&nbsp; &nbsp;Monthly wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing</div><div><br></div><div><b>Our Commitment To You</b></div><div>We’re proud of the diverse and inclusive environment we have at Sophos, and we’re committed to ensuring equality of opportunity.&nbsp; &nbsp;We believe that diversity, combined with excellence, builds a better Sophos, so we encourage applicants who can contribute to the diversity of our team.&nbsp; All applicants will be treated in a fair and equal manner and in accordance with the law regardless of gender, sex, gender reassignment, marital status, race, religion or belief, color, age, military veteran status, disability, pregnancy, maternity or sexual orientation.&nbsp; We want to give you every opportunity to show us your best self, so if there are any adjustments we could make to the recruitment and selection process to support you, please let us know.&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div><b>Data Protection</b></div><div>If you choose to explore an opportunity, and subsequently share your CV or other personal details with Sophos, these details will be held by Sophos for 12 months in accordance with our Privacy Policy and used by our recruitment team to contact you regarding this or other relevant opportunities at Sophos.&nbsp; If you would like Sophos to delete or update your details at any time, please follow the steps set out in the Privacy Policy describing your individual rights.&nbsp; For more information on Sophos’ data protection practices, please consult our Privacy Policy <a href="https://www.sophos.com/en-us/legal/sophos-global-job-candidate-privacy-notice#:~:text=the%20right%20to%20ask%20us,your%20consent%20at%20any%20time.">Cybersecurity as a Service Delivered | Sophos</a></div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/sophos-senior-devops-engineer-2-power-platform-engineer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/sophos-senior-devops-engineer-2-power-platform-engineer</a></p>