<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE ROLE</h3>
<p>As an Alert Review analyst you’ll be:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Undertaking full profile reviews based on potentially suspicious triggers or periodic timeframes.</li>
<li>Own the analysis of risk data, identify trends, red flags and develop an in-depth understanding of the risk profile of our acquiring products.</li>
<li>Monitor compliance with the acquiring products’ risk appetite, acceptance and risk performance.</li>
<li>Monitor real-time and post-transaction activity for both acquiring merchants and issuing cardholders.</li>
<li>Identify unusual merchant behaviors using Merchant Category Codes (MCCs), velocity checks, and transaction anomalies.</li>
<li>Identify and manage Compromised Cards scenarios through data analysis and alert trends. Recommend card-blocking or merchant suspension actions where necessary.</li>
<li>Document investigation findings accurately within the case management system.</li>
<li>Prepare clear and concise SAR (Suspicious Activity Report) narratives, ensuring regulatory and internal standards are met.</li>
<li>Maintain thorough records of evidence, decision-making rationale, and case progression steps.</li>
<li>Ensure timely closure of assigned cases while meeting quality and compliance expectations.</li>
<li>Contact cardholders/members through outbound calls to validate suspicious transactions and gather additional information.</li>
<li>Communicate professionally with merchants when clarification or additional data is required.</li>
<li>Provide clear explanations and support to cardholders regarding fraud concerns or next steps.</li>
<li>Ensure adherence to internal fraud risk policies, card network rules, and regulatory guidelines. Stay updated on fraud trends and emerging threats in the digital payments ecosystem.</li>
<li>Actively identify gaps, inefficiencies, and opportunities within current workflows.</li>
<li>Provide process improvement suggestions to enhance fraud detection accuracy, reduce false positives, and improve customer experience.</li>
<li>Establishing good relationships with various departments throughout the organisation to ensure good operational synergy</li>
<li>Participate in internal and external training programs related to fraud offences detection and prevention and other subjects that may form part of the day-to-day work requirements.</li>
<li>Treating Tide members fairly by taking responsibility to ensure that their needs are met</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR</h3>
<p>What makes you a great fit:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>1-3 years of experience in transaction monitoring, fraud investigations, financial crime, Money Laundering and card operations (Acquiring and Issuing).</li>
<li>Have a strong understanding of risks and relevant controls involved in B2B merchant onboarding, payments transaction monitoring (incl. declines/chargebacks/disputes) and ongoing in-life monitoring.</li>
<li>Worked in cross-functional set up with strong analytical skills, data driven mindset and ability to work independently</li>
<li>You have strong understanding and experience of CDD and EDD processes.</li>
<li>Proficiency with analytical tools and visualisation software (e.g., Excel, Tableau, Looker)</li>
<li>Attention to detail and quality of the deliverables with growth mindset &amp; extreme ownership.</li>
<li>A growth, can-do and customer oriented mindset with extreme ownership.</li>
<li>Willing to work in flexible shift schedules and rotational week-offs.</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<p><strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Strong knowledge of</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Payment processes</li>
<li>Merchant Category Codes (MCCs)</li>
<li>Fraud patterns and indicators</li>
<li>Regulatory reporting standards (e.g., SAR)</li>
<li>Proficiency in case management tools and transaction monitoring platforms.</li>
<li>Experience contacting cardholders/members through outbound verification calls.</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN</h3>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary&nbsp;</li>
<li>Self &amp; Family Health Insurance</li>
<li>Term &amp; Life Insurance</li>
<li>OPD Benefits</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing through Plumm</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development Budget</li>
<li>WFH Setup allowance</li>
<li>25 Annual leaves</li>
<li>Family &amp; Friendly Leaves</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a flexible workplace model that supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>