<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>New data center development:</strong></p>
<p>We give you&nbsp;the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies in data operations, cloud computing and infrastructure management. As global data center operations grow, there will be ample opportunities for career&nbsp;progression. Working in the data center directly impacts performance, customer satisfaction and efficiency, with the opportunity to contribute to new data center projects.You’ll collaborate with experts in AI data center development and operations, gaining insights from leaders in the field. This environment fosters innovation, and allows you to work on solutions that exceed industry standards in design and deployment.</p>
<h3>The role</h3>
<p>As an <strong>IT Datacenter Technician</strong>, you will play a vital role in maintaining and optimizing the IT infrastructure within our data center. This includes working hands-on with modern technologies such as the advanced H200 GPU cloud cluster. Your responsibilities will encompass supporting the data center’s IT infrastructure, troubleshooting and resolving hardware issues, and ensuring the smooth operation of critical systems.</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work in our colocation in<strong> London, England.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Diagnosing and resolving issues related to IT hardware and ensure the continuous support of the data center’s IT infrastructure.</li>
<li>Collaborating effectively with internal teams and external contractors to address technical and operational challenges.</li>
<li>Installation, upgrading and dismantling of hardware based on operational requests and requirements.</li>
<li>Managing and maintaining the connectivity of fiber optic cables and patch cords.</li>
<li>Planning, executing and monitoring regular IT tasks to maintain and improve IT infrastructure operations.</li>
<li>Processing Return Merchandise Authorizations (RMAs) in compliance with established manuals and procedures.</li>
<li>Developing clear and comprehensive documentation and manuals for hardware configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance.</li>
<li>Collaborate with key stakeholders, including (teams, executives).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of hands-on experience in diagnosing and resolving server hardware issues.</li>
<li>A solid understanding of data center operations, as well as server and network equipment principles.</li>
<li>Basic proficiency in the Linux operating system and familiarity with command-line tools.</li>
<li>Practical experience working with server IT hardware, enterprise-grade network switches and fiber optic cables.</li>
<li>Excel skills, including proficiency with pivot tables, formulas, lists and graph creation.</li>
<li>A proactive, responsible and goal-oriented approach to work.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>It will be an added bonus if you have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Driving License (Category B)</li>
<li>Project planning skills</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>