<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>The Workplace Site Manager is responsible for overseeing the daily operations, maintenance,&nbsp;and overall functionality of our Tokyo office, as well as supporting smaller service offices in the&nbsp;Asia-Pacific region. This role ensures a safe, efficient, and well-managed environment that&nbsp;supports business operations, employee productivity, and amplifies Okta’s mission, values, and&nbsp;culture. The Workplace Site Manager coordinates with vendors, manages facilities, and acts as&nbsp;the key point of contact for all site-related matters.</p>
<p>We seek a bilingual candidate, fluent in both Japanese and English language, who will&nbsp;champion Okta’s core values (Love our customers, Always secure. Always on., Build and own it, and Drive what's next) and add to our company culture.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is customer service oriented, is able to build relationships with key stakeholders and executive leadership from diverse backgrounds and cultures, is able to curate and manage culture initiatives, has a good attention to detail and has budget management experience.<br>This is a full-time role based in our beautiful office in Shibuya, Tokyo, reporting into the Regional&nbsp;Senior Manager, APJ. While we offer dynamic workplace policies that enable our employees to&nbsp;work from anywhere, this role requires you to be in the office.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong><br>Site Operations Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Oversee day-to-day site operations and ensure offices are running smoothly</li>
<li>Manage our lunch and snack program, in-office culture events, and all other programs<br>and services as needed</li>
<li>Monitor facility performance and address operational issues promptly</li>
<li>Ensure compliance with company policies and local regulations</li>
<li>Oversee and manage service offices and/or programs for remote employees within APJ,<br>as and when required</li>
</ul>
<p>Facilities &amp; Maintenance</p>
<ul>
<li>Manage office maintenance/repair activities and building access</li>
<li>Coordinate with landlords, contractors, service providers and vendors</li>
<li>Conduct regular site inspections to ensure standards are met</li>
</ul>
<p>Health, Safety &amp; Compliance</p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure workplace health and safety standards are maintained</li>
<li>Implement and monitor emergency preparedness procedures</li>
<li>Conduct risk assessments and ensure compliance with legal requirements</li>
</ul>
<p>Vendor &amp; Contract Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Manage external vendors and contractors</li>
<li>Monitor vendor performance and ensure service level agreements are met</li>
<li>Control costs and ensure budget adherence</li>
</ul>
<p>Workplace Experience</p>
<ul>
<li>Maintain a clean, safe and productive work environment</li>
<li>Address employee concerns related to the workplace</li>
<li>Support workplace initiatives and improvements</li>
<li>Support visiting employees to our offices</li>
</ul>
<p>Space &amp; Resource Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Manage space allocation and utilization</li>
<li>Oversee workplace resources, assets and supplies</li>
<li>Support office moves, expansions, reconfigurations and/or decommissioning works</li>
<li>Support our international team by assisting as a local point of contact for our realtors<br>and/or landlords</li>
</ul>
<p>Reporting &amp; Administration</p>
<ul>
<li>Maintain records of maintenance, incidents, and compliance activities</li>
<li>Prepare reports on site performance and operational metrics as needed</li>
<li>Maintain and manage workplace budgets for your sites, including but not limited to<br>forecasts, accruals, operational budgets etc.</li>
<li>Support audits and inspections</li>
<li>Work closely with the APJ and Global Operations Workplace team to drive visions,<br>methods, and targets.</li>
<li>Oversee and manage service offices and/or programs for remote employees within APJ,<br>as and when required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications &amp; Skills</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A minimum of 3+ years of workplace/facilities management experience</li>
<li>The position is expected to be in office 5 days per week, occasional exceptions for<br>flexibility can be discussed</li>
<li>Has strong management skills, and experience working with diverse cross-functional teams</li>
<li>A proven ability to be a self-starter capable of driving results without significant supervision</li>
<li>Exceptional organizational skills and financial acumen</li>
<li>Strong ability to multi-task and has the ability to prioritize activities effectively while ensuring a high level of accuracy and attention to detail</li>
<li>A background in Workplace Services focused on exceptional customer service and promoting a positive employee experience for employees, candidates, clients and vendors alike.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of systems and collaboration tools, including ServiceNow, GSuite, Slack, etc.</li>
<li>Verbal and written communication skills in Japanese and English are required.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-onsite</p>
<p>#P10721\_3406304</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>