<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><p><strong>Who are Tide:</strong></p>
<p>At Tide, we’re on a mission to save businesses time and money. We’re the leading provider of UK SME business accounts and one of the fastest-growing FinTechs in the UK. Using the latest tech, we design solutions with SMEs in mind and our member-driven financial platform is&nbsp; transforming the business banking market. Not only do we offer our members business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly connected admin tools for businesses.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Tide is about doing what you love. We’re looking for someone to&nbsp;join us on our exciting scale up journey and be a part of something special. We are wanting passionate Tideans to drive innovation and help build a best-in-class platform to support our members. You will be comfortable in ambiguous situations and will be able to navigate the evolving FinTech environment. Imagine shaping how millions of Tide members discover and engage with business banking platforms and building this on a global scale.</p>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<p>As a Customer Support Specialist (Paid Plans) at Tide, you will be dedicated to providing first-class service to our paid accounts members. You will manage, maintain &amp; nurture relationships. The goal: to generate revenue for Tide and add value for our SMEs. We want to become the most loved go-to business banking app for SMEs. You will be required to work on shifts and weekends on a rotational basis.</p>
<p><strong>As a Customer Support Specialist (Paid Plans) you’ll be:</strong></p>
<p>With the role being in direct contact with our members, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Identify pain points and address their needs &amp; requirements within the scope of what Tide can deliver or fast track admin/requests for members where possible</li>
<li>Become a brand advocate for Tide by working closely with the other Plus/Pro team members in optimising &amp; developing the proposition of the plan</li>
<li>Aim at building and maintaining relationships with our Plus/Pro members by giving them first-rate service</li>
<li>Be data-driven to monitor existing usage and identify new opportunities based on customer feedback, segmentation, personas, and user research as well as on the pulse for what's happening in the industry</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What makes you a great fit:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are comfortable on the phone talking to customers and experience liaising with and responding to member queries (however difficult). Customer-focused mindset is a must!</li>
<li>You are data literate With Minium 1.5 Years of experience in UK/USA voice process</li>
<li>You have very good verbal and written English (with EF Set 50 minimum; any certificate for C1 level and above is a plus)</li>
<li>You have experience with MS Office (mostly Excel)</li>
<li>You are upbeat and energetic and possess solid problem-solving skills</li>
<li>You have robust communication with the customer and back to the business</li>
<li>You can demonstrate the ability to self-drive and multitask, your role may vary day to day as well as strong team collaboration skills working across member services and within memberships teams</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>It would be really nice if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in Fin-tech, a start-up or a fast-growing tech company</li>
<li>Experience using Looker and/or Zendesk</li>
<li>Experience working in subscription and/or app-based business models</li>
<li>Experience with membership programmes</li>
<li>Background working in a customer services support function</li>
<li>Analytics knowledge to understand member plan usage and optimization</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll get in return:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive salary</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self &amp; Family Health Insurance</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Term &amp; Life Insurance</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">OPD Benefits</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mental wellbeing through Plumm</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learning &amp; Development Budget</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">15 days of Privilege leaves</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">12 days of Casual leaves</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">12 days of Sick leaves</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Tide is a place for everyone</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity status or disability status. We believe it’s what makes us awesome at solving problems!</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>