<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Life at Plume</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Plume, we believe that technology isn't about moving faster, it's about making life’s moments better. Which is why we’ve built the world's first, and only, open and hardware-independent service delivery platform for smart homes, small businesses, enterprises, and beyond. Our SaaS platform uses WiFi, advanced AI, and machine learning to create the future of connected spaces—and human experiences—at massive scale.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We now deliver services to over 60 million locations globally and have managed over 3 billion devices on our platform. We’re expanding rapidly, pioneering a new category, and we achieved our Series F funding in just four years. Our customers include many of the world's largest Internet Service Providers (ISPs) who look to Plume to help them evolve their smart home offerings while gleaning insights from their own data.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">With a bias for action and a love for being trailblazers, the team at Plume embodies a combination of relentless curiosity and imaginative innovation. We challenge ourselves to think in ways that other companies don't, work to do what should be done (rather than what can), and if we can’t do it exceptionally well, we don’t do it. It’s how we've assembled a team of world-class builders, thinkers, and doers. And it’s how we’re reinventing what’s possible every day.</span></p></div><p><strong>Senior Software Engineer - Firmware</strong></p>
<p>Plume’s Core Engineering team is looking for a bright and ambitious Firmware Engineer to continue delivering industry-leading innovation for large-scale ISP solutions at a rapid pace. Due to the massive scale requirements of our platform, you will be solving challenging problems on a daily basis using cutting-edge technologies and advanced architectural patterns involving distributed systems, reactive streaming, and stateful services. In addition, you will provide end-to-end solutions that involve various emerging System-On-Chips, Network and Device Drivers, Kernel, Operating System, SDKs like RDK-B, PrplOS and firmware based applications (native and container based) with connectivity to high scalable cloud based SAAS platforms and beyond. This is a high-impact and customer-facing role with immense growth opportunities and will truly put your software engineering skills to the test.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Participate in all stages of the software design lifecycle working in multi-disciplinary teams spanning cloud, embedded devices, front-end web/mobile, data, and product</li>
<li>Interface with the customer on a regular basis and understand their problems and surgically solve them in any software layer possible</li>
<li>Understand Broadband industry standards like TR-369, TR-069, TR-181, Wi-Fi Alliance EasyMesh, EasyConnect, Wi-Fi 7 etc.</li>
<li>Understand, excel and represent Plume to external organizations like RDK-B, BBF, PrplOS, IETF etc.</li>
<li>Get involved in architectural discussions with internal and external stakeholders&nbsp;</li>
<li>Design and develop high quality, maintainable code, and perform peer code reviews</li>
<li>Solve challenging scale, integration, and architectural problems</li>
<li>Deploy, operate, and troubleshoot applications in emulated and/or physical lab and/or customer setup</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You’ll Bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of industry experience in writing production quality firmware code for Wi-Fi and/or networking devices</li>
<li>High proficiency in writing idiomatic code with experience in C/C++</li>
<li>Thorough understanding of L2/L3 and L4 Networking Layers and 802.11.</li>
<li>Experience working on Wi-Fi access points, developing on Linux OS, open source router platforms such as OpenWRT, RDK, PrplOS</li>
<li>Strong understanding of algorithms, data structures, object-oriented programming and embedded systems</li>
<li>Fundamental understanding of computer networking, operating systems, and databases</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills</li>
<li>Strong oral and written communication skills</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Plume</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As the creator of the only open, hardware-independent, cloud-controlled experience platform for ISPs and their subscribers, Plume partners with over 400 ISP customers, including some of the world’s largest such as Comcast, Charter, Liberty Global, and J:COM.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Using OpenSync, the most widely supported open-source, silicon-to-cloud framework for smart spaces, Plume’s software-defined network allows ISPs to decouple their service offerings from hardware and rapidly curate and deliver new services over a multi-vendor, open-platform architecture.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Plume is an equal opportunity workplace that maintains a continuing policy of nondiscrimination in all employment practices and </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">decisions, ensuring equal employment opportunities for all qualified individuals without regard to </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, sexual </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related individual conditions, </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">medical conditions (as defined by state law), military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. </span></p></div>