<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Why you should join the Adyen Account Management team</strong></p>
<p>At Adyen, the Account Management team is critical to the growth and success of our business, as well as expanding the Adyen brand across the globe. Being part of our Account Management team, you’ll manage relationships with innovative international merchants, covering multiple industries and channels. You’ll have the opportunity to work on cross-functional initiatives and projects in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial environment with high autonomy. You’ll become an expert in the global payments landscape and level up your skills through our AM Academy.</p>
<p>We are looking for a proactive and adaptable Account Manager to join our team in Warsaw. The ideal candidate is a strategic thinker with a hands-on mentality; someone who is eager to help the world’s biggest brands grow while changing an industry. You are excited to work with a global, multicultural team in a collaborative manner and help your team succeed. Your focus will be on delivering an outstanding customer experience, finding new opportunities, and driving mutual success for Adyen and our customers.</p>
<p><strong>Account Manager, Enterprise</strong></p>
<p>As an Account Manager, you will be responsible for developing strong relationships by earning trust with our customers, and providing impactful payments insights to help them grow. Our Account Managers are empowered to own the customer relationship and provide best-in-class service to our customers. In this role, you’ll contribute to our ongoing momentum by understanding the unique customer need and identifying commercial opportunities, including expansion opportunities and the addition of value adding products. Self-motivated and resourceful, you’ll bring a strategic mindset and commercial approach to the role.</p>
<p>Sounds exciting? Keep reading!</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Relationship management:</strong> Build strong customer relationships and navigate their organizations to align the right external and internal stakeholders. Develop a global network of people within Adyen and work collaboratively across cultures and time zones</li>
<li><strong>Commercial acumen:</strong> Drive commercial discussions with customers, while meeting strategic and financial targets for assigned accounts</li>
<li><strong>Strategic consultation:</strong> Act as the human dimension of Adyen’s product, delivering expertise, education, and payment guidance to customers. Position Adyen as a trusted partner and use data to tell compelling stories</li>
<li><strong>Project management:</strong> Prioritize and execute on short and long term projects with varying timelines across multiple accounts</li>
<li><strong>Feedback:</strong> Be the voice and champion for your customer internally and serve as a feedback loop</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy engaging others and developing strong working relationships at all levels of management</li>
<li>Passionate about leading strategic payments conversations, presenting business reviews, and coordinating high level technical discussions</li>
<li>Skilled in leveraging your business acumen and analytical abilities to strategically assess and help reach client goals</li>
<li>Comfortable synthesizing complex data sets and using data to tell a story</li>
<li>Excited to prioritize and manage multiple projects across different departments, while motivating and collaborating with others to achieve results</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional skills</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a at least 4 years of relevant experience in a client-facing, commercial role, like account management, consulting, or in the payments industry from a merchant side (bonus if in complex enterprise software, technical infrastructure or financial services)</li>
<li>You have full professional written and verbal proficiency in English and Polish</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Warsaw office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>