<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>We are seeking a detail-oriented and collaborative product paralegal to join Okta’s Product Legal Team. In this role, you will be a key contributor in a fast-paced and highly cross-functional environment, providing essential support to the development and launch of innovative products. The ideal candidate will have strong organizational and communication skills, a proactive approach to problem-solving, and an interest in technology and process improvement.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct intakes, including stakeholder interviews, to gather and document information about new products and features for attorney review.</li>
<li>Assist attorneys with the initial review of products and features, using checklists and playbooks to help identify potential legal issues for further legal analysis.</li>
<li>Help create and scale tools, processes, and knowledge to enhance the efficiency of the product counseling function.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain organized records of product features and the corresponding legal guidance provided by the team's attorneys.</li>
<li>Assist in tracking applicable laws, rules, and regulatory developments relevant to the team's work.</li>
<li>Update and maintain the Product Legal team’s checklists, playbooks, and guidelines.</li>
<li>Under attorney supervision, assist with drafting, reviewing, and preparing legal documents for attorney approval, such as inbound vendor agreements, outbound sales agreements, and NDAs.</li>
<li>Execute Open Source Software program procedures for reviews of inbound code usage and outbound release requests.</li>
<li>Assist in managing and coordinating training and other team programs for various organizations within the company.</li>
<li>Build strong, collaborative relationships with cross-functional partners across Okta to support complex, multi-stakeholder projects.</li>
<li>Maintain metrics and controls for the team and its programs.</li>
<li>Support other legal team projects and initiatives as they arise.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Required Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree; a degree in a technical field or operations management is a plus.</li>
<li>A minimum of 5 years of experience providing paralegal support, preferably within an in-house legal department or a law firm.</li>
<li>Proficiency with office productivity tools (e.g., Microsoft Office, GSuite) and communication platforms (e.g., Slack, Confluence).</li>
<li>Experience managing multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with experience interacting with clients or internal stakeholders in a cross-functional setting.</li>
<li>A demonstrated interest in technology and process improvement.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Desired Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated experience reviewing and drafting agreements <strong>in a support capacity.</strong></li>
<li>Working knowledge of technology transactions, intellectual property, open source software, and data privacy matters is strongly preferred.</li>
<li>Proficiency with artificial intelligence tools is strongly preferred.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p1">#LI-KC4</p>
<p class="p1">#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p class="p1">(P25077\_3418085)</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit:<a href="https://rewards.okta.com/us"> https://rewards.okta.com/us</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></div><div class="title">The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York, and Washington is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$106,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$145,200 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>