<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The APAC &amp; EMEA Cards team powers the processing of hundreds of billions of dollars in card payments annually, enabling users to accept card payments from Asia Pacific, Europe, and Middle East regions. As the Engineering Manager for the team, you’ll have responsibility for expanding the reach of Stripe’s global payments network, delivering the best-in-class experience for card payments in these regions.</p>
<p>In this role, you’ll be making some of the most significant strategic, product, and technical decisions for card payments at Stripe. The systems this team builds enables our users to create a single integration with Stripe, then take payments across an ever-expanding set of card networks and grow their businesses globally.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Work with other Stripe leaders to author Stripe’s card payments strategy in APAC &amp; EMEA</li>
<li>Develop engineers on the team, helping them advance in their careers</li>
<li>Empower the engineering team to achieve a high level of technical productivity, reliability and simplicity</li>
<li>Manage processes to help the team do its best work and interface effectively with the rest of Stripe</li>
<li>Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripe’s engineering management team</li>
<li>Recruit great engineers, in collaboration with Stripe’s recruiting team</li>
</ul>
<p>You may be a fit for this role if:</p>
<ul>
<li>You thrive on a high level of autonomy and responsibility</li>
<li>You encourage a healthy work environment that’s both supportive and challenging</li>
<li>You’re excited to help engineers develop new skills and advance in their careers</li>
<li>You’re clear and persuasive in writing and in person</li>
<li>You lead by example, by setting the right context, and by helping teammates do their best work</li>
<li>You’re technical enough to ask engineers good questions about architecture and product decisions</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent technical field</li>
<li>3+ years of Engineering Management experience</li>
<li>7+ years of experience in a Software Engineering role</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to define and drive complex initiatives/projects&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience hiring top talent, building diverse, high-performing teams</li>
<li>Strong ability to communicate both with technical and non-technical audiences</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with payments-related products</li>
<li>Working in global and cross-regional environments</li>
<li>Experience using AI tools to improve team execution, quality, and overall effectiveness</li>
</ul>