<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>We are seeking a detail-oriented and analytical PMO Analyst to support all aspects of internal and external project coordination for a prestigious and complex project. This role is pivotal in providing critical data analysis, reporting, and insights to project managers and stakeholders, ensuring projects are delivered within defined timelines and budgets. As a PMO Analyst, you will work closely with project managers, programme managers, and technical specialists, focusing on monitoring project performance, analyzing data, and generating reports. Your responsibilities will include tracking project expenses, supporting budget management, identifying trends in risks and opportunities, and ensuring projects remain on track by providing essential data-driven recommendations for continuous improvement.</p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<p>No two days at Helsing are the same, and your focus will be on the analytical and reporting aspects of project delivery. You may find yourself engaged in any, or all, of the following on a day-to-day basis:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Collecting, analyzing, and interpreting project data related to progress, schedules, and budgets</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Tracking project expenses, assisting with budget reconciliation, and identifying variances for financial analysis</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Preparing comprehensive financial and project status reports, analyzing variances, and forecasting potential impacts on the project's budget and timeline</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Identifying and analyzing trends in project risks and opportunities based on data, and contributing to the development of mitigation strategies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Assisting in the development and maintenance of project plans, ensuring data accuracy and adherence to controlling standards</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Coordination of project-internal requirements with central staff</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Organizing meetings and workshops, focusing on the collation and presentation of data for decision-making, if necessary, also with military customers in the field</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ensuring that all project-related documents and data are correctly archived and easily accessible for reporting and auditing purposes</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Building and maintaining project steering dashboards, tracking key performance indicators (KPIs) related to cost, schedule, and resource utilization, and providing insights</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Communicating project status, including detailed financial and schedule performance analysis, to internal stakeholders</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Helping to prepare data-driven decision-making templates for management, providing insights for control and strategy</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Possess initial experience in a project support, project controls, or an administrative role with a strong financial or analytical component. Experience as a PMO Analyst or in data analysis is highly preferred</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Exhibit excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with a meticulous approach to data accuracy and a keen eye for detail in financial and schedule tracking</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are proficient in MS Office, particularly Excel and PowerPoint for effective reporting. Familiarity with project management software is a plus</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hold a completed commercial training, Bachelor's degree (preferably in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration, Data Analytics, or a related field), or a comparable qualification</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have a solid understanding of project scheduling, budgeting, and risk management principles, with an aptitude for data interpretation.Are willing to travel regularly.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are business-fluent in English</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are a high performer who thrives in a fast-paced environment and can manage multiple priorities effectively</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are collaborative, humble, and a problem-solver with the ability to analyze and present complex data and findings clearly to internal stakeholders</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are ready to meet all necessary requirements for a security clearance according to the respective national laws</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>