<p>As the FSQA Junior Category Manager, you'll be instrumental in ensuring our delivered ingredients and supplier network meet—and where possible, exceed—the high food safety and quality standards we set for ourselves. You'll play a crucial role in driving sustainable continuous improvement and total customer satisfaction, collaborating with teams across the business to achieve quality excellence</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based in Chippendale, NSW and reports to the FSQA Quality Assurance Lead - AU (with an indirect reporting line to the FSQA Director for matrix-based projects and global initiatives).</p>
<p><strong>You will…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and strengthen robust relationships with new and existing suppliers.</li>
<li>Manage day-to-day supplier interactions, including facilitating effective root cause analysis and closing out non-conformance reports (NCRs) escalated by the DC Quality Control team.</li>
<li>Ensure all new suppliers and products (SKUs) are onboarded quickly and correctly, providing timely feedback to achieve a 'right first time' approach to documentation.</li>
<li>Perform, document, and follow up on scheduled supplier quality visits and escalate any critical food safety risks to internal stakeholders and senior management.</li>
<li>Partner closely with the Procurement team on strategic projects to ensure food safety, quality, ethical, and environmental capabilities are central to supplier selection.</li>
<li>Carry out regular reviews of product specifications (SKUs) to ensure they are current and meet our Gold Standard and Quality Assurance System (QAS) targets.</li>
<li>Support the DC Quality Control team with product quality assurance wherever required.</li>
<li>Act as a role model and ambassador for our HelloFresh DNA and HUNGRY values, vision, and ethics.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A degree in a related discipline (this is essential).</li>
<li>Intermediate to advanced skills in G-suite and MS-suite, with proven competence in data and analytics.</li>
<li>A solid understanding of food processing systems, GFSI standards, and implementing best-practice Quality Management Systems.</li>
<li>Current knowledge and awareness of the practical application of Australia and New Zealand (ANZ) Food Regulations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You are…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Highly organised and logical in your approach to work, thriving in a fast-paced environment.<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eRZH0D4Hf6FKWr\_xV5OmLwB3oYN6t-BEwKXkP7LunG0/edit">1</a></li>
<li>An excellent problem-solver with sharp attention to detail.</li>
<li>A strong communicator who can build constructive relationships and influence stakeholders at all levels.</li>
<li>Comfortable adapting quickly to autonomous tasks while also being a competent and effective member of cross-functional teams.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get in return…&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The chance to have a significant impact in a leading global food technology company</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements&nbsp;</li>
<li>Egoless environment, constant learning with room for personal growth</li>
<li>Free access to Headspace</li>
<li>Internal learning &amp; development&nbsp;</li>
<li>A diverse and vibrant international environment, with offices in 18 countries</li>
<li>Company discount - 70% off HelloFresh &amp; 40% off Youfoodz</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Start Date: </strong>Immediately available - Can wait a notice period</p>
<p><strong>Duration: </strong>Permanent full time role</p>
<p>You must have the right to work full-time in Australia</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Chippendale Head Office hybrid working environment with monthly visits to our distribution center in Eastern Creek&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Salary: </strong>Competitive salary &amp; employee benefits</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p><br><br></p>