<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>The Data Office oversees all data at JetBrains, including product, AI, marketing, financial, sales, and beyond. Our mission is to deliver up-to-date, transparent, and reliable data and data services that empower teams across the company.<br>As part of our growth strategy, we are looking for an experienced, results- and process-focused, self-motivated Project Manager. In this role, you will own and drive processes across the Data Office, collaborate with internal and external teams, identify and analyze project and operational challenges, propose effective solutions, and advocate for their implementation.</p>
<h3><strong>As part of our team, you will:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Provide organizational and planning support at the department level by consolidating roadmaps, facilitating planning processes, and helping product managers and team leads improve delivery predictability.</li>
<li>Take ownership of project management processes within the Data Office, identifying gaps, improving existing workflows, and introducing scalable practices where needed.</li>
<li>Work closely with team leads and product managers to reduce operational overhead, enabling them to focus on domain and technical leadership.</li>
<li>Support teams in structuring and optimizing their day-to-day processes, especially in the data platform and development teams.</li>
<li>Identify bottlenecks, risks, and inefficiencies across projects and processes, and proactively propose and implement improvements.</li>
<li>Facilitate communication between internal and external stakeholders, ensuring transparency, clarity, and alignment across all involved teams.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We will be happy to have you on our team if you:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Have 7+ years of experience in project management in a tech environment.</li>
<li>Have a strong understanding of project management practices and know how to adapt them pragmatically to real-world teams.</li>
<li>Are confident managing complex, cross-team projects with multiple stakeholders and dependencies.</li>
<li>Can structure ambiguous problems, and drive initiatives from idea to delivery.</li>
<li>Are comfortable working in an environment where processes are still evolving and are ready to build and improve them.</li>
<li>Are fluent in English, both written and spoken.</li>
<li>Love when people come to you with problems rather than solutions, but if they bring you a solution, you always analyze and double-check it.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We’d be especially thrilled if you:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Have experience working with data teams (BI, DWH, DevOps, DQ, etc.).</li>
<li>Have built or scaled project management processes in a growing or transforming organization.</li>
<li>Enjoy diving into how teams actually work and finding ways to make them more effective.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br>Why join JetBrains?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-HYBRID - if you <strong>want</strong> LinkedIn to post your role as hybrid in all the locations where the role is open ---&gt; leave this tag in JD</span><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-AA1&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>