## Your mission

<ul><li>design, plan, articulate and lead complex interdisciplinary client-projects and teams.</li><li>conduct desktop- and qualitative-research, and identify intriguing insights.</li><li>create compelling design-stories and design/brand-strategy frameworks</li><li>conduct exploration workshops with colleagues and clients.</li><li>explore and generate innovative ideas, and turn them into people-minded concepts.</li><li>participate in design-crits to improve your craft and thinking skills</li><li>design products and experiences using CC, Figma, Protopie and other visual- and interaction-design tools.</li><li>build narratives and presentations that wow clients.  </li></ul>

## Your profile

<ul><li>At least 5 years of professional experience, preferably in an international design-studio, agency, consultancy, or a prominent in-house design setting
    </li><li>Demonstrated UI/UX mastery. High proficiency of top-level design tools (Figma, Sketch) and interaction design tools (Principle, Framer, Protopie)
    </li><li>Continuously keeping up to date with the latest and greatest of app, mini program, and H5 trends, as well as design tools and consumer technology trends
    </li><li>Help promote an inspiring environment for the team
    </li><li>Very good verbal and written communication skills in English
    </li><li>Chinese and/or German skills would be beneficial
    </li><li>Self-directed, yet highly-cooperative and flexible workstyle within the team
    </li><li>Reflected, but outspoken and courageous character with high emotional intelligence
    </li><li>Experience in working in agile project environments
    </li><li>Animation, physical prototyping, 3D, or front-end development skills are also huge plus</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>fun and passionate team that places high importance not only on professional skills, but also on great personalities</li><li>onboarding program which will prepare you well for your new role and introduction to your new team</li><li>modern office, flexible work-times and benefits to support a healthy lifestyle, e.g. min. 24 paid vacation days, fitness allowance, home office support</li><li>opportunity to receive on- and off-the-job training, as well as travel to events, trade-shows, conferences, and exhibitions</li><li>opportunity to work on a diverse range of projects with designers, researchers, strategists, technologists and model-makers</li><li>regular team-events, both planned and spontaneous: from team-lunches, annual field-trips and X-mas parties, to ad-hoc Karaoke, or the Oktoberfest</li></ul>