<p>At SumUp, we are driven to empower small businesses across the globe by de-hassling their lives and helping them to succeed. Our vision as a global FinTech company is to build the first-ever global card acceptance brand, and we are well on our way as small businesses in over 31 countries around the world rely on SumUp to get paid. If you would like to be part of a global team, putting business partnering and innovation in the core of its priorities, this might be the right role for you.</p>
<p>Join our dynamic and international operations, specializing in compliance. Our team spans across four continents, bringing together diverse talents from over 60 countries. We thrive on challenges and collaborate seamlessly to ensure the success of small businesses globally.&nbsp;The role of the Compliance Operations Analyst is to manage the transaction alerts generated for money transfers and ensure that SumUp is following the highest compliance standards and is compliant with all applicable AML regulations.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll be doing:<br><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Investigate transaction alerts flagged by different internal rules;<br><br></li>
<li>Conduct ongoing monitoring of alerts relating to PEPs, Sanctions, Adverse Media &amp; Law Enforcement;<br><br></li>
<li>Escalate relevant matters to the AML team;<br><br></li>
<li>Handle Seizures, Insolvency (Liquidation) cases aligned with SumUp policies and procedures;<br><br></li>
<li>Resolve varying levels of queries in a timely and efficient manner;<br><br></li>
<li>Follow best practices and company policies and procedures;<br><br></li>
<li>Identify changes that can be made that will improve efficiency and customer experience;<br><br></li>
<li>Be equally comfortable working on your own and as part of a team;<br><br></li>
<li>Handle law enforcement (police or other authority) requests;&nbsp;<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if:<br><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have strong analytical skills &amp; confident evidence-based thinking;<br><br></li>
<li>You have excellent written and verbal communication skills in English and Spanish;<br><br></li>
<li>You have experience in KYC / Customer Due Diligence / Financial industry, which is a plus;<br><br></li>
<li>You are flexible and open to change, meaning you have the ability to react and adapt to changing priorities;<br><br></li>
<li>You are enthusiastic, dedicated, and willing to learn. You are conscientious with a “can-do” attitude and a proactive work ethic;<br><br></li>
<li>Startups thrill you! You’re able to identify yourself with them and you know (or at least have an idea) of what awaits you when working for one;<br><br></li>
<li>You have good computer literacy.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">Why you should join SumUp:<br><br></strong></p>
<ul class="cui-list-9zvq cui-list-m-xr1c css-15v5cj3 evwnbdz4">
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🌍 You’ll play a key role in a scale-up that in turn is part of a truly global team of 3000+ people from 60+ countries, spread across 4 continents.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🚀 You'll have the opportunity to make an impact irrespective of your job description. You'll have the space to drive your career and take ownership of projects.</p>
</li>
<li>💯 You'll get a Referral bonus if your friend is hired successfully.</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🌴 You’ll receive 25 days’ paid leave, increasing with tenure, and paid vacation for certain occasions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🔋 You’d enjoy a paid 1 month Sabbatical vacation after 3 years.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">📚 You’ll receive an individual learning budget and can take 10 days educational leave to expand your skillset.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🍎 You’d have monthly digital food vouchers.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">⭐️ You’d have monthly budget for a wide choice of benefits and discounts ranging from transport, food, learning and more (re:benefit platform) <strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">🚌🍗💡🎁.</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">❤️ You'd have access to additional health insurance, life insurance and co-sponsored Multisport card 🎾.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">💜 You’d enjoy funded therapy &amp; coaching sessions with licensed psychotherapists.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">👶🏼 You’d enjoy a child birth/adoption bonus.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">🚌</strong>&nbsp;You’d have access to a free shuttle buses from Joliot-Curie metro station and more.<br><br></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">This job is on-site - Sofia<br><br></strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong>MORE ABOUT US:</strong><br><br>We believe in the everyday hero.<br>Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we create powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.<br><br><em>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</em><br><em>SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>