<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who We Are:</strong></p>
<p>Alpaca is a US-headquartered self-clearing broker-dealer and brokerage infrastructure for stocks, ETFs, options, crypto, fixed income, 24/5 trading, and more. Our&nbsp;<a href="https://alpaca.markets/blog/alpaca-raises-150-million-at-a-1-15b-valuation-to-build-the-global-standard-for-brokerage-infrastructure/">recent Series D funding round</a> brought our total investment to over $320 million, fueling our ambitious vision.</p>
<p>Amongst our subsidiaries, Alpaca is a licensed financial services company, serving hundreds of financial institutions across 40 countries with our institutional-grade APIs. This includes broker-dealers, investment advisors, wealth managers, hedge funds, and crypto exchanges, totalling over 9 million brokerage accounts.</p>
<p>Our global team is a diverse group of experienced engineers, traders, and brokerage professionals who are working to achieve our mission of&nbsp;<strong>opening financial services to everyone on the planet</strong>. We're deeply committed to open-source contributions and fostering a vibrant community, continuously enhancing our award-winning, developer-friendly API and the robust infrastructure behind it.</p>
<p>Alpaca is proudly backed by top-tier global investors, including Portage Ventures, Spark Capital, Tribe Capital, Social Leverage, Horizons Ventures, Unbound, SBI Group, Derayah Financial, Elefund, and Y Combinator.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Team Members:</strong></p>
<p>We're a dynamic team of 230+ globally distributed members who thrive working from our favorite places around the world, with teammates spanning the USA, Canada, Japan, Hungary, Nigeria, Brazil, the UK, and beyond!<br><br>We're searching for passionate individuals eager to contribute to Alpaca's rapid growth. If you align with our core values—Stay Curious, Have Empathy, and Be Accountable—and are ready to make a significant impact, we encourage you to apply.</p></div><p><strong>Your Role:</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Full-Stack Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining systems and services that form the foundation of Alpaca and empower millions of users who trade billions of dollars worth of assets.</p>
<p>As part of the Trading API team, you will be responsible for the user experience and product development for Trading API customers, encompassing both the frontend trading dashboards and backend systems that power Trading API product features like elite, high-yield cash, paper accounts, and more. Working closely with our users and internal stakeholders, we specialize in delivering high-quality end-to-end solutions across the full suite of frontend and backend systems at Alpaca.</p>
<p>We’re looking for someone with a proven track record of designing and building scalable applications with an appreciation of the full-stack user experience. You’ll dive deep and specialize in a breadth of backend financial systems - payments, trading, market data, accounts, and more - to deliver innovative product features across the stack, while leading the design and implementation of the components that power elegant and performant frontend user experiences.</p>
<h3><strong>Things You Get To Do:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Play a pivotal role in architecting and developing software solutions across the full stack that push the boundaries of technology</li>
<li>Work closely with cross-functional teams and dive deep into the backend systems and infrastructure that power financial markets</li>
<li>Opportunity to contribute to API design and product features within our ecosystem&nbsp;</li>
<li>Own the delivery of high-visibility features/projects, from design to deployment</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Mentor peers and influence the technical strategy of our company</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who You Are (Must-Haves):</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in full-stack development with Golang &amp; TypeScript/React.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and collaboration skills.</li>
<li>Ability to collect and translate stakeholder requirements into fully realized features.</li>
<li>Proficient in TypeScript and React.</li>
<li>Proficient in HTML and CSS frameworks such as TailwindCSS.</li>
<li>Proficient in at least one modern systems programming language like Golang or C#.</li>
<li>Passionate about creating intuitive and performance user interfaces.</li>
<li>Experience with SQL and relational databases, preferably PostgreSQL.</li>
<li>Experience with REST APIs and best practices.</li>
<li>Attention to detail and an appreciation for design aesthetics.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who You Might Be (Nice-to-Haves):</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Algo trading experience (either professional or personal).</li>
<li>Experience with major cloud platforms (we primarily use GCP).</li>
<li>Experience or understanding of financial markets.</li>
<li>Experience with Docker and Kubernetes.</li>
<li>Experience working at a startup.</li>
<li>Experience working remotely.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>How We Take Care of You:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive Salary &amp; Stock Options</span></li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Health Benefits</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">New Hire Home-Office Setup: One-time USD $500</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Monthly Stipend: USD $150 per month via a Brex Card</span></li>
</ul>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Alpaca is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.<br></span></em></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;"><a href="https://files.alpaca.markets/disclosures/AlpacaRecruitmentPrivacyPolicy.pdf"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recruitment Privacy Policy</span></em></a></span></p></div>