<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>As a Design Engineer focused on Electronics, you will create innovative concepts for the mechanical integration of electronic boards, connectors, and harnesses, ensuring their proper form, fit, and function. Your expertise will be vital in realising robust, scalable, and cost-effective solutions that enhance the performance of Helsing's systems, directly supporting our mission to provide advanced defence capabilities.</p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Own the mechanical design and integration of electronic parts and full assemblies for current and future complex drone products</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create design and integration concepts for electronic boards, connectors and harness under consideration of comprehensive requirements sets</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create 3D and 2D documents and ensure proper form, fit, function of components by using analytical and simulation tools</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Apply latest design and drawing standards, including consideration of manufacturing aspects</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Realise robust, scalable and cost-effective components</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Define and perform validation tests for technical maturation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create comprehensive design documentation and under consideration of company guidelines and quality standards</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Have professional working experience in the field of mechanical and electrical design of aerospace structures or similar applications</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Possess outstanding hands-on experience in using 3D/2D CAD and PLM tools, preferably with Solidworks/PDM or Siemens NX/Teamcenter</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have strong knowledge of electronic component integration, preferably in using ECAD/MCAD interfaces for component realization</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Can perform hand calculations and setup simulations for component validation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have proven knowledge of ASME/ISO drawing standards, mechanical design standards and analysis capabilities for mechanical elements</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Communicate excellently in English, both written and verbal</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are keen on fast track developments and realisations</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Enjoy working in a highly flexible environment</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>