<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About BEAM</strong></p>
<p>Bridge to Enter Advanced Mathematics (BEAM) creates pathways for students from low-income, low-access backgrounds to become scientists, mathematicians, engineers, and computer scientists.</p>
<p>We provide BEAM students the same access to high-quality preparation in STEM as their more affluent peers, and we invest deeply in our students' success, with programming from middle school through college graduation focused on joyous, exciting, and rigorous mathematics, building vibrant communities, and supporting students in key life transitions such as college admissions and financial aid.</p>
<p>BEAM has grown from a small summer program serving 17 students in the summer of 2011 to a year-round, national program, serving 450+ students at six summer program sites and 600+ students in year-round programming in New York City and Los Angeles this school year. In addition, our BEAM National pilot program now reaches around 1000 elementary-aged students in seven different states, working to create a new nationwide pathway modeled on our local work. We've seen our students' successes first-hand, and it's backed by data: a quasi-experimental study found that students who attended our 7th grade summer program were 1.3X as likely to declare a STEM major as a matched comparison group.<strong></strong></p></div><p><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>ASSOCIATE SITE DIRECTOR, BEAM DISCOVERY</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Join the BEAM team this summer and make a difference!&nbsp; We are seeking passionate leaders to join our Discovery summer programs in New York City or Los Angeles as Associate Site Directors. This is more than a summer role - it’s an opportunity to lead, mentor, and inspire the next generation of scientists, engineers, and mathematicians!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Why Join BEAM?</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">At BEAM, we are dedicated to creating pathways for students who lack access to STEM opportunities, helping them become future scientists, mathematicians, engineers, and computer scientists. We believe in providing every child with the opportunities a top-notch education offers, actively engaging them in problem-solving, critical thinking, and mathematical exploration, and empowering them to be the leaders of their own learning. We immerse students in deep mathematical experiences through rigorous summer programs and challenging year-round activities, provide academic support, mentorship, and advising, and prepare them for collegiate studies in STEM disciplines, enabling them to attend advanced academic programs, excellent high schools, and strong-fit colleges.&nbsp;</span></p>
<h1><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>DESCRIPTION OF THE POSITION</strong></span></h1>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">BEAM is seeking an Associate Site Director for each of its Discovery sites this summer. Working closely with the Site Director, Director of Student Life, Academic Director, and Guidance Counselor, you will manage a team of 23–30 counselors and 7–10 faculty members. You will lead the preparation, implementation, and smooth operation of the summer program, ensuring both academic success and a positive camp environment for our students. Your leadership will not only shape the classroom experience but also help cultivate a strong community of students and staff, leaving a lasting impact on the lives of our students.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></span></p>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Pre-Program Preparation</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">In the months leading up to the camp, the Associate Site Director will engage in comprehensive preparation to ensure a successful summer program. This preparation will set the foundation for a smooth and impactful camp experience for both students and staff.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Self-Preparation and Planning (approximately 40 - 50 hours)</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Complete required BEAM onboarding, including background checks and a mix of asynchronous and synchronous virtual training.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Read and internalize the BEAM Leadership Handbook and engage with BEAM’s full-time staff in virtual meetings to understand the various components of running a BEAM camp. Site Directors are allowed to make selected customizations for their camp and are expected to create a site-specific Leadership Handbook that documents such customizations and can be shared with the other leaders. Associate Site Directors are expected to support Site Directors in these customizations.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Participate in virtual meetings with the other members of the Leadership Team to start building a collaborative leadership community and to prepare for “Pre-camp Week.” The “Pre-camp Week” represents the days when leaders and staff meet for training and logistical preparation before students arrive at camp. (2-3 meetings of 1 hour each)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">In collaboration with the members of the Leadership Team, plan the content, staff training, and schedule of the “Pre-camp Week” based on templates and guidance from BEAM. More details in the next section. Leaders are expected to start planning virtually and finalize the plan during the&nbsp; “Leadership Retreat” (Pre-camp Leaders only days).&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Support Site Directors in planning the schedule for the “Leadership Retreat” based on templates and guidance from BEAM.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Participate in virtual meetings with BEAM full-time staff and BEAM’s campus host staff to fine-tune campus logistics.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">In collaboration with the BEAM full-time staff, communicate with students’ parents and caregivers about the start of camp and student travel logistics.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Support final selection of your site leadership team (if needed)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">New York only: Attend the New York State Department of Health's Summer Camp Operator Orientation (if needed) and obtain necessary health and safety certifications.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Pre-Camp Week Training and Set-Up</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">The week before students arrive, you will collaborate with the leadership team to finalize preparations to ensure staff are ready and the camp is set up for a successful start.</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Leadership Retreat</strong>: In partnership with the leadership team, you will:</span>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Align on roles, responsibilities, and site-specific operational policies</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Establish a set of working norms and communication expectations among leadership and staff</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Plan team-building activities or social events</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Set up facilities, purchase supplies, and ensure all logistical needs are met for staff arrival.</span></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>All-Staff Pre-Camp Training and Set-Up:</strong> In partnership with the leadership team and BEAM support staff, Associate Site Directors will:</span>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Facilitate team-building activities and role-specific training</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Prepare facilities for staff and student arrival</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Set up facilities (signage, supplies, room assignments, etc.) in preparation for student arrival</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Coordinate the receipt and organization of BEAM’s materials held at a storage facility.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Confirm staff completion of required HR onboarding (I-9, online training, etc.) and complete the employer portion of the I-9</span></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>During Camp&nbsp;</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">During camp, the Associate Site Director will oversee daily operations, support faculty and staff, and ensure a positive, safe environment for students. You will manage staff coordination and logistics, ensuring the camp runs smoothly and meets its educational goals while fostering an inclusive atmosphere.</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Site Leadership</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Liaise with campus staff to solicit feedback and ensure BEAM is complying with all campus regulations and reporting ongoing needs or challenges that need to be addressed by campus staff</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Manage site vendors and contractors alongside BEAM central staff to ensure all site purchasing, food service needs, and travel arrangements run smoothly</span></li>
</ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Staff Leadership</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Support daily and/or weekly check-ins with site leadership, faculty, and staff</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Communicate daily updates to all staff and respond to ongoing questions or concerns elevated by the leadership team</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Collaborate with staff to make updates to program policies or procedures that are not working as planned</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Work with site leadership to make timely, thoughtful decisions when conflicts arise and communicate those decisions to staff</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Ensure all surveys, assessments, and evaluations are administered on time</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Work with BEAM’s Learning and Evaluation team to collect and submit data from all surveys, assessments, and evaluations</span></li>
</ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Community Leadership</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Oversee the implementation of student travel to and from the program</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Oversee the campus environment, the safe passage of students (into campus, to their class, and through dismissal), staff/student interactions, etc.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Handle student behavior situations if/when they escalate&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Follow up with families regarding student behavior or attendance issues</span></li>
</ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Follow crisis plans; provide leadership in case of crisis&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Ensure alignment of practice with policy&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Other logistical tasks to coordinate with the rest of the site leadership, including but not limited to:</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Managing petty cash and subway/transportation tickets for the summer</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Preparing for and coordinating field trips</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Supervising Open Math Time</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Organizing staff dinners</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Scheduling math circles</span></li>
</ul>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Post Camp Wrap-Up</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Support Site Leadership in completing the clean-up checklist&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Complete staff evaluations and 1:1 debriefs</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Update the BEAM storage inventory with the end-of-camp’s detailed list of items. Coordinate materials packing and storage facility pick-up services.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Attend the BEAM-led multi-site Summer Camp step-back meeting</span></li>
</ul>
<h1><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></span></h1>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">We understand that there are many paths to acquiring experience and, therefore, welcome candidates from diverse and nontraditional backgrounds for this role who have demonstrated equivalent transferable skills to carry out the major duties outlined in this job description.&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Leadership Skills: Demonstrated experience in managing teams, providing feedback, and fostering collaboration among staff and faculty.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Commitment to Equity: A passion for creating inclusive classrooms where all students feel valued, capable, and supported.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Communication Skills: Strong written and verbal communication skills to effectively interact with staff, faculty, students, and families.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Problem-Solving: Ability to manage conflicts and make thoughtful, timely decisions in high-pressure situations.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Organizational Skills: Strong organizational abilities to manage multiple tasks, schedules, and logistical elements simultaneously.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Data Proficiency: Ability to work with spreadsheets and formulas</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Adaptability: Flexibility to adjust plans and approaches based on feedback, evolving needs, and challenges that arise during the program.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Prior work experience with middle school students.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Prior work experience with students in LA or NYC public schools or serving students from a comparable background.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Fluency in Spanish, Mandarin, Arabic, Korean, or another language commonly spoken by BEAM’s LA families or NYC families.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Experience leading training workshops for adults.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Mediation training and/or experience.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Restorative justice training and/or experience.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Interest in mathematics, understanding of enrichment math concepts, and/or broader curiosity about learning new things.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>WORK SCHEDULE:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Los Angeles Campus Details</strong>:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Location</strong>: Alliance College Ready Middle Academy 12 (Central Los Angeles)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Program Dates (in person)</strong>:</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Staff Dates:</strong> June 15-August 1</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Leadership Team Planning:</strong> June 15</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>All Staff Pre-Camp Training:</strong> June 16-June 18 (Juneteenth Observed)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Camp Dates:</strong> June 22-July 24</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Wrap-Up:</strong> July 27-July 29</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Compensation, Benefits, and Other Details</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Compensation</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">$9,500 for Camp and Wrap-up</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Pre-Camp work paid at an hourly contract rate</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Benefits</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">BEAM provides a number of benefits, including:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Lunch and snacks, with options for dietary restrictions</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">2–3 staff dinners during camp to relax, connect, and celebrate together</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Limited, assigned parking is available (Los Angeles)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Commitment to Diversity</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">BEAM believes that our staff, at all levels and across all roles, should represent the backgrounds of the students we serve. We are committed to creating a supportive and inclusive environment. Beyond a commitment to nondiscrimination, we strongly encourage applications from underrepresented and marginalized communities.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Hiring Process</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Application, including resume and answers to a few short questions.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Virtual interviews with BEAM staff. Details will be sent by email.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">For accommodation requests related to the job application process, please contact HR at accommodations@beammath.org.</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION</strong></p>
<p>Beyond a commitment to nondiscrimination, we are committed to fostering a supportive and inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.</p>
<p><strong>EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>BEAM is an equal opportunity employer and does not unlawfully discriminate against employees or applicants for employment on the basis of an individual’s race (including traits historically associated with race (including, but not limited to, hair texture and protected hairstyles, such as braids, locks and twists), ethnicity, religion (including clothing or facial hair worn in accordance with the religious tenets), color, sex, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, breastfeeding, gender (including actual or perceived sex, gender identity, and gender expression including a person’s actual or perceived gender-related self-image, appearance, behavior, expression, or other gender-related characteristic, regardless of the sex assigned to that person at birth), sexual orientation, sexual and reproductive health decisions, national origin, immigration or citizenship status, status as a veteran, active military service member, or uniform service member, marital or partnership status, familial status, caregiver status, age (18 or older), predisposing genetic characteristics, disability, creed, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual violence or stalking, unemployment status, salary history, credit history, an individual’s status as having a known relationship or association with a member or members of a protected category, or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws. This policy applies to all terms, conditions, and privileges of employment, including recruitment, hiring, placement, compensation, promotion, discipline, and termination.&nbsp;</p>
<p>All personnel decisions will be made in accordance with the principles of equal employment opportunity and subject only to valid (job-related) requirements for employment, benefits, or promotional opportunities.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>