<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Product Manager - Interchange and Scheme fees</strong><br>Ordering a pizza? Buying a pair of trainers? Watching a movie? Hailing a ride? Chances are Adyen is handling your payment. Adyen's Payments Pricing team manages the billions in annual costs associated together with payments charged to our customers. The team operates like a product team, focused on ensuring our Interchange and Scheme fee pricing is accurate, efficient, and transparent.<br>As a Product Manager on this team, you will own the strategy and roadmap for a critical area of our payment functionality, directly influencing how merchants around the world are priced under our Interchange++ model. You’ll drive scalable, high-impact changes that enhance automation and transparency, providing our customers with the most cost-efficient solution.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>What you'll do:</strong><br></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Define and own the product roadmap for a core area in the payments domain, improving how interchange and scheme fees are predicted and understood<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner closely together with engineers, pricing analysts and partnerships to shape product requirements and prioritize initiatives<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Act as a key point between many of Adyen’s internal teams to ensure alignment across departments for seamless product delivery<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build and maintain relationships with key industry players like Visa and Mastercard to influence roadmap decisions and create innovative solutions<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop self-service tooling to empower merchants and commercial stakeholders<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will actively work together with our acquiring and finance team to improve our reconciliation processes and data insights</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Who you are:</strong><br></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have 3+ years of working experience in product management, with a track record of delivering products in cross-functional domains<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have domain knowledge in Payments or Fintech; preferably with knowledge of acquiring and Interchange and Scheme fees<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You think strategically and can connect technical detail to broader business outcomes, balancing short-term priorities with long-term product vision<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have strong technical acumen and are skilled at collaborating with analysts and engineers<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’re deeply curious about the needs of merchants and have a passion for building and improving products that create value, improve performance, and scale globally<br></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You communicate clearly and confidently, whether you're aligning stakeholders, advocating for user needs, or making tough prioritization calls. You can articulate technical concepts clearly to diverse audiences</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>