<div class="content-intro"><div>Attentive® is the AI marketing platform for 1:1 personalization redefining the way brands and people connect. We’re the only marketing platform that combines powerful technology with human expertise to build authentic customer relationships. By unifying SMS, RCS, email, and push notifications, our AI-powered personalization engine delivers bespoke experiences that drive performance, revenue, and loyalty through real-time behavioral insights.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Recognized as the&nbsp;#1&nbsp;provider in SMS Marketing by G2, Attentive partners with more than 8,000 customers across 70+ industries. Leading global brands like Crate and Barrel, Urban Outfitters, and Carter’s work with us to enable billions of interactions that power tens of billions in revenue for our customers.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>With a distributed global workforce and employee hubs in New York City, San Francisco, London, and Sydney, Attentive’s team has been consistently recognized for its performance and culture. We’re proud to be included in&nbsp;<a href="https://www.deloitte.com/content/dam/assets-zone3/us/en/docs/services/deloitte-private/2025/us-2024-technology-fast-500-rankings.pdf">Deloitte’s Fast 500</a>&nbsp;(four years running!),&nbsp;<a href="https://www.attentive.com/blog/attentive-ranked-8-on-linkedins-2020-top-startups-list-in-the-united-states">LinkedIn’s Top Startups</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://www.forbes.com/lists/cloud100/">Forbes’ Cloud 100</a> (five years running!),&nbsp;<a href="https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2025">Inc.’s Best Workplaces</a>, and the&nbsp;<a href="https://www.hrc.org/resources/corporate-equality-index" target="\_blank">Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index</a>!</div></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the Role<br></strong></p>
<p>As an Attentive Solutions Architect (SA) within our Professional Services organization, you will be responsible for driving meaningful business outcomes for both our customers and for Attentive through custom technical solutioning. Design comprehensive marketing solutions, mapping out the architecture of the solution, including integration with other data orchestration systems (such as CRM, analytics tools, and third-party services), data flow, and user interactions. Package the requirements and solution into a SOW that clearly describes the problem, solution, timeline, and cost to the customer.</p>
<p>We’re looking for naturally curious, creative people that can think on their feet and enthusiastically tackle problems head on. SAs communicate well with any audience from developers to executives, manage customer expectations and ensure Attentive receives everything it needs from customers in order to execute.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Accomplish</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identify solutions for the customer to ensure their success within the Attentive ecosystem, accounting for their tech stack and level of exposure across Attentive offerings</li>
<li>Advise and assist with integrations with other martech systems and data management platforms, ensuring they are receiving maximum value from their entire tech stack, including Attentive</li>
<li>Translate customer requests into business and functional requirements, captured in Statements of Work (SOWs)</li>
<li>Propose product enhancements and features to meet customer needs, and work with Product team to advocate for new feature development</li>
<li>Provide general technical expertise about the entire digital marketing ecosystem</li>
<li>Deliver technical presentations to customers</li>
<li>Serve as the primary technical point of contact for your customers, building strong relationships and participating in the strategic planning of technology roadmaps, ensuring alignment between business goals and tech stack</li>
<li>Design and implement data pipelines and understand analytics platforms for reporting and data visualization</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Expertise</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience: 2+ years of experience in a technical service environment. Ad tech experience not required but preferred</li>
<li>Communication: strong customer relationship management and ability to explain technical capabilities to CEOs and CTOs as well as marketing practitioners. Must be able to clearly communicate both verbally and in writing, often explaining complex technical details in a way that is accessible to non-technical stakeholders</li>
<li>Creative problem-solving: affinity for problem solving and crafting creative, reusable solutions. Insightful, innovative and adapts well to a dynamic and fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Programming and Scripting: knowledge of programming languages such as Python, Java, or JavaScript, for use in automation, integration, and sometimes in customizing solutions</li>
<li>APIs and Web Services: understanding of REST APIs for use in integration CRMs, data warehouses, and other marketing tools</li>
<li>Web Design: knowledge of and experience with ad serving and trouble-shooting JavaScript tags, as well as experience with 3rd party data providers both from targeting and analytics standpoint</li>
<li>Project Management: strong decision-making and critical thinking skills; exceptional organization and prioritization skills</li>
<li>Preferred: Background in data architecture and management; familiarity with data warehousing, ETL processes, and real-time data processing</li>
<li>Preferred: familiarity with HTML and Liquid scripting</li>
</ul>
<p>You'll get competitive<a href="https://www.attentive.com/benefits">&nbsp;perks and benefits</a>, from health &amp; wellness to equity, to help you bring your best self to work.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-JH1</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">By applying for this position, your data will be processed as per <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RViE\_YUnu0ipiJQ9xDpC-iSJ9sYJBbX8/view?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">Attentive's Privacy Policy</a>.</span></strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div><strong>Attentive Company Values</strong></div>
<div><strong>Default to Action</strong> - Move swiftly and with purpose</div>
<div><strong>Be One Unstoppable Team</strong> - Rally as each other’s champions</div>
<div><strong>Champion the Customer </strong>- Our success is defined by our customers' success</div>
<div><strong>Act Like an Owner</strong>&nbsp;- Take responsibility for Attentive’s success</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Learn more about <a class="postings-link" href="https://www.attentive.com/awake">AWAKE</a>, Attentive’s collective of employee resource groups.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>If you do not meet all the requirements listed here, we still encourage you to apply! No job description is perfect, and we may also have another opportunity that closely matches your skills and experience.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>At Attentive, we know that our Company's strength lies in the diversity of our employees. Attentive is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities for all employees, applicants and covered individuals regardless of protected characteristics. We prioritize and maintain a fair, inclusive and equitable workplace free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation. Attentive is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities. If you need any assistance or reasonable accommodations, please let your recruiter know.&nbsp;</div></div>