**WHO ARE THEY ? 👀**

[Partoo](https://www.partoo.co/) is a B2B SaaS scale-up who is committed to helping local businesses, large companies or SMEs to get closer to their customers. To do this, they have developed an all-in-one platform and different solutions that revolve around 3 value propositions: Get Found, Get Chosen and Get Clients.

Through these 3 propositions, they have developed several products that adapt to changes in the customer purchasing journey:

**🔎 Get Found**

Presence: Synchronize store information on main platforms (Google, Facebook, Waze, etc.), directories and GPS.

Store Locator: Help customers find the store that’s right for them with up-to-date local data and dedicated filters on retailer websites.

Social Media: Manage posts on Facebook, Google, Instagram, etc.

**🎯 Get Chosen**

Review: Centralize, reply to and analyse customer reviews received on Google and Facebook.

Booster: Get additional positive reviews on Google through SMS and QR codes.

**🫱🏼‍🫲🏽 Get Clients**

Messages: Centralize and reply to all chat messages received via Google Business Messages, Messenger and soon also via Instagram, WhatsApp, etc.

**Some key figures 🗝**

Happy at Work label and one of the best ratings on Glassdoor (4.3/5 from over 300 reviews).

330+ employees from 37 different nationalities, with offices in Paris and Barcelona.

Management of 300,000 points of sale and collaboration with over 1,000 chains (Carrefour, Generali, Toyota, Decathlon, Leroy Merlin, etc.) and more than 6,000 SMEs in about 150 countries.

Partoo is proud to have obtained BCorp certification in October 2024

**ROLE & IMPACT 💥**

At Partoo, we have two types of clients: the**Enterprises,** business that have more than 20 point of sales and the **SMB's** (Small & Medium businesses)

You will contribute to the opening of new countries in the Middle East market by defining the sales strategy from prospecting stage to final closing.

Your goal will also be to upsell clients and work closely with other departments (Customer Success, Customer Care, [Marketing](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andile-khuzwayo-72279592/) etc.) to help on the expansion strategy toward your specific market.

## MISSIONS 🔥

- Study your market and to define target companies
- Manage client calls, coordinate with Partoo’s internal teams, and to provide insights that foster our local adaptation in the region
- Prospect new clients along with your BDR
- Grow our client portfolio in your territory by signing new contracts and upsell
- Develop partnerships with local agencies that can resell Partoo
- Attend events where client prospection can take place.

## IT'S A MATCH 🎯

- Organisation - You are reliable, you follow up on your client calls, your reports and pipe management is clear and organised. Bonus if you have good command of Salesforce.
- Communication - You get along with your team, and you communicate well with your clients. Your writing skills are clear and concise. Bonus if you speak multiple languages!
- Results - You go after opportunities and you don’t give up. You manage your pipe well in order to sign the objectives you are expected to.
- Analytics - You use the data that you are exposed to, and you report insights that will foster Sales growth in your region.
- Sales Experience - The more, the better. We also recruit Junior profiles, but a first experience in Sales that relates to our business model is required.
- You want to be part of an amazing human adventure with a growing team
- Fluency in English required and a native level of Modern Standard Arabic **is mandatory**

## RECRUITMENT PROCESS 🛠

- An interview with [Fabien](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fabien-lalanne-talent-acquisition-partner-bycharles), International Talent Acquisition Manager
- Interview with [Ramia](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramia-el-khayat-758a70117/), Account Executive Middle East
- A role play with [Vincent](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vincentcoirier/), CSO

À compétences égales, ce poste est ouvert aux travailleurs et travailleuses en situation de handicap ou assimilés au sens de l’article L5212-13 du Code du travail. Partoo s’engage en faveur de la diversité, l’égalité professionnelle, l’emploi des travailleurs handicapés.

With equal skills, this position is open to disabled workers or those considered to be disabled within the meaning of Article L5212-13 of the French Labour Code. Partoo is committed to diversity, professional equality and the employment of disabled workers.