<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> London, England, United Kingdom
</p>

<p>Constructor is the only search and product discovery platform tailor-made for enterprise ecommerce where conversions matter. Constructor's AI-first solutions make it easier for shoppers to discover products they want to buy and for ecommerce teams to deliver highly personalized experiences that drive impressive results. Optimizing specifically for ecommerce metrics like revenue, conversion rate and profit, Constructor generates consistent $10M+ lifts for some of the biggest brands in ecommerce, such as Sephora, Petco, home24, Maxeda Brands, Birkenstock and The Very Group. Constructor is a U.S. based company that was founded in 2015 by Eli Finkelshteyn and Dan McCormick. For more, visit:&nbsp;<a href="http://constructor.io/">constructor.</a>com.&nbsp;</p><p></p> <h3>Requirements</h3><p>We are looking for a Senior Product Manager to lead our Attribute Enrichment team — a critical part of our product strategy. This team enhances the depth, quality, and coverage of product data through ML-driven enrichment, powering better product discovery experience for our customers.</p><p>This role is for a strategic thinker and hands-on executor who thrives in a fast-paced environment, enjoys working across functions, and is passionate about building products that solve real customer problems.</p><p>Day-to-day you will:</p><ul> <li>Define and launch a high-impact product strategy, prioritising the top value streams for attribute enrichment based on data, customer insights, and business goals.</li> <li>Develop and clearly communicate a compelling value proposition for the Attribute Enrichment product, validated by customer feedback.</li> <li>Drive product adoption by leading iterative development and release cycles that directly improve customer experience and satisfaction.</li> <li>Work closely with our PSL and go-to-market teams to reduce time-to-demo, ensuring seamless and rapid testing of attribute capabilities.</li> <li>Define and track key product performance and quality metrics, using them to inform prioritisation and continuous product improvement.</li> <li>Engage regularly with customers to gather feedback, identify pain points, and validate roadmap decisions.</li> <li>Champion a fast-paced, high-quality, iterative product development cycle, ensuring that the team can quickly adapt to change.</li> <li>Collaborate cross-functionally with engineering, product, sales, and customer success to streamline workflows and reduce friction.</li> <li>Be the voice of the customer and the business, ensuring the Attribute Enrichment roadmap aligns with real needs and delivers measurable value.</li> <li>Stay ahead of the curve on industry trends and ML enrichment innovations.</li> </ul><p><br>You would be a good fit if:</p><ul> <li>Have 5+ years of experience in product management, with a proven track record of launching successful, high-quality products in fast-paced, technical environments.</li> <li>Have strong technical depth, especially in data or ML-driven products, and can understand and drive improvements to complex systems.</li> <li>Are an excellent strategic thinker who can define a compelling vision and execute against it with speed and precision.</li> <li>Are deeply customer-focused and able to translate real user needs into intuitive and impactful product solutions.</li> <li>Thrive in a culture of experimentation, iteration, and continuous learning, and bring a growth mindset to everything you do.</li> <li>Make data-informed decisions, balance qualitative insights with quantitative metrics, and are not afraid to pivot when necessary.</li> <li>Are a strong communicator and collaborator who can bring teams together, inspire trust, and reduce friction across departments.</li> <li>Can own both the success and failure of your product, and are relentless in your pursuit of improvement.</li> <li>Are excited to move fast without breaking things, bringing speed and quality into balance.</li> <li>Have experience working with ML or AI-based products, especially in data enrichment, catalog structuring, or search/discovery domains.</li> </ul> <ul> <li>Unlimited vacation time -we strongly encourage all of our employees take at least 3 weeks per year</li> <li>A competitive compensation package including stock options</li> <li>Fully remote team - choose where you live</li> <li>Work from home stipend! We want you to have the resources you need to set up your home office</li> <li>Apple laptops provided for new employees</li> <li>Training and development budget for every employee, refreshed each year</li> <li>Parental leave for qualified employees</li> <li>Work with smart people who will help you grow and make a meaningful impact</li> </ul><p></p><p><strong>Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Constructor</strong></p><p>At Constructor.io we are committed to cultivating a work environment that is diverse, equitable, and inclusive. As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome individuals of all backgrounds and provide equal opportunities to all applicants regardless of their education, diversity of opinion, race, color, religion, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status or affiliation in any other protected group.&nbsp;<em>Studies have shown that women and people of color may be less likely to apply for jobs unless they meet every one of the qualifications listed. Our primary interest is in finding the best candidate for the job. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all of our listed qualifications.</em><a href="https://apply.workable.com/constructor-1/j/15BC9753FA/apply/"></a></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/constructor-senior-product-manager-attribute-enrichment">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/constructor-senior-product-manager-attribute-enrichment</a></p>