<div class="content-intro"><p>From Fivetran’s founding until now, our mission has remained the same: to make access to data as simple and reliable as electricity. With Fivetran, customer data arrives in their warehouses, canonical and ready to query, with no engineering or maintenance required. We’re proud that more organizations continue to leverage our technology every day to become truly data-driven.</p></div><p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>About the Role</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">We’re looking for a Senior Software Engineer for our data pipeline service to build and work on data pipelines that moves data from various sources to data warehouses. The work is very diverse – all the way from patching software to building new connectors operating on our global Kubernetes compute cluster. You will be responsible for ensuring the technical excellence for your team and owned services, by contributing to the code, reviewing code, contributing to architectural design and mentoring your junior colleagues.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">This is a full-time position based out of our Bangalore office. Our hybrid work model offers a blend of remote flexibility and in-person collaboration, including two days in the office each week to connect and build as a team</span><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">.</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Technologies You’ll Use</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Java, SQL, Kubernetes, Docker, AWS, GCP, CircleCI. </span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You'll be working with Cloud APIs, SQL, and NoSQL databases, events, etc.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You'll be working on the core data pipeline that moves terabytes of data from all our customers to their data warehouses</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You will process the data into clean, incremental, automated updates </span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Skills We’re Looking For</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Strong technical and problem-solving skills, with recent hands-on software development experience&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience in reliable distributed systems, with an emphasis on high-volume data management within enterprise and/or web-scale products and platforms that operate under strict SLAs&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Broad technical knowledge which encompasses Software development and automation&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience with use of wide array of algorithms and data structures&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Expertise in working with Java, AWS, Cloud-based APIs, databases, software design and programming best practices&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Entrepreneurial mindset, excellent communication, and technical leadership skills&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Create and contribute to an environment that is geared to innovation, high productivity, high quality and customer Service </span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">#<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">LI-HYBRID</span></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">#LI-PE1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p-rich\_text\_section" style="line-height: 1.3;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Perks and Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>100% employer-paid medical insurance<strong>\*</strong></li>
<li>Generous paid time-off policy (PTO), plus paid sick time, inclusive parental leave policy, holidays, and volunteer days off</li>
<li>RSU stock grants\*</li>
<li>Professional development and training opportunities</li>
<li>Company virtual happy hours, free food, and fun team-building activities</li>
<li>Monthly cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Access to an innovative mental health support platform that offers personalized care and resources in areas such as: therapy, coaching, and self-guided mindfulness exercises for all covered employees and their covered dependents.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em><strong>\*</strong>May vary by country and worker type - please reach out to your recruiter for more information</em></p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>Click <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1CdawUwjo1Q1B7ghZJ\_owdmmHB8VtqhBu?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">here</a> to learn more about Fivetran's Benefits by Region.</em></p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">We’re honored to be <a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">valued at over $5.6 billion</a>, but more importantly, we’re proud of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/culture" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/culture" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">core values of Get Stuck In, Do the Right Thing, and One Team, One Dream</a>. Read about us in&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Forbes</a>.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">Fivetran brings together high-quality talent across the globe to make data access as easy and reliable as electricity for our customers. We value and recognize that our customers benefit from having innovative teams made of people from many backgrounds, experiences, and identities. Fivetran promotes diversity, equity, inclusion &amp; belonging through attracting, recruiting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce, not only because it is the right thing to do, but because it helps us build a world-class company to better serve our customers, our people and our communities.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about Fivetran’s culture and what it’s like to be part of the team, <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlhtp4dGh8o" target="\_blank">click here</a> and enjoy our video.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about our candidate privacy policy, you can <a href="https://fivetran.com/candidate-privacy" target="\_blank">read our statement here</a>.</p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>We are committed to ensuring that all candidates have an equal opportunity to participate in our interview process. If you require accommodations at any stage of the process due to a disability, medical condition, or any other circumstance, please don't hesitate to submit your request by filling out this <a href="https://forms.gle/V7k3t4u9j523XkEt6">form</a>. We will work with you to provide reasonable accommodations to facilitate your participation and ensure a fair and accessible interview experience. Your request and any information provided will be kept confidential and will not impact your candidacy. We look forward to hearing from you and accommodating your needs to the best of our ability.</em></p></div>