<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p>KKR is seeking an Associate to join its expanding Private Asset-Backed Finance (ABF) business, based in Dublin.</p>
<p>KKR is one of the world’s leading investment firms, with a 50-year track record of delivering strong investment performance. Today, the firm manages over $700 billion in assets across public and private markets globally.</p>
<p>The Portfolio Monitoring Unit (PMU) plays a central role in the ongoing management and oversight of KKR’s ABF investments. The team is responsible for performance analytics, transaction modelling, valuation, and strategic optimisation across a growing portfolio of 200+ deals. Operating across a wide range of asset types and industries, the PMU team supports both institutional and insurance-related mandates.</p>
<p>Headquartered in Dublin, with team members in London and Gurugram, the ABF PMU team has grown to 13 investment professionals. As part of the business’s strategic expansion, KKR has launched a rapidly growing High Grade ABF platform. This business focuses on public and private ABF investments primarily in the investment grade or near-investment grade space.</p>
<p>We are now hiring an Associate to help manage this portfolio, with an exciting opportunity to contribute to the development of a key strategic initiative at KKR.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactive monitoring of the performance of public and private ABF transactions, including regular engagement with servicers and originators.</li>
<li>Preparation of quarterly portfolio reviews and participation in Investment Committee presentations.</li>
<li>Financial modelling, conducting scenario and sensitivity analyses.</li>
<li>Maintaining performance data and risk metrics within KKR’s internal portfolio management systems.</li>
<li>Collaborating cross-functionally with Investor Relations, Risk, ESG, and other teams on reporting, investor materials, and ad hoc portfolio requests.</li>
<li>Coordinating with third-party valuation agents to support valuations of private transactions.</li>
<li>Identifying underperforming or high-risk assets and supporting trade or repositioning recommendations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Candidate Profile:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of relevant experience in credit risk, structured finance, ABF/securitisation, transaction services, leasing, restructuring, or a rating agency.</li>
<li>A proven ability to quickly absorb new information and a commitment to learning new asset classes and analytical tools.</li>
<li>Direct experience with ABF, structured credit, or secured lending is highly advantageous.</li>
<li>Familiarity with tools such as Excel, Intex, Bloomberg, Tableau/PowerBI, and FactSet is beneficial.</li>
<li>A strong academic background, ideally in a quantitative or finance-related discipline.</li>
<li>Excellent quantitative and analytical skills, attention to detail, and the ability to communicate complex ideas clearly.</li>
<li>A self-starter mindset, with the ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of financial statements, cash flow modelling, and deal structuring.</li>
<li>Strong written communication and presentation skills.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-ONSITE</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>