<p>We are seeking a Cloud Partner Manager to support our Commercial Sales organization by driving net-new customer acquisition through strategic co-selling motions with our hyperscaler partners: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). This role will be closely aligned with our South EMEA Commercial Sales teams and will serve as a critical connector between hyperscaler partner sellers and our internal sales organization.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate has experience working within cloud partner ecosystems, building co-sell motions, and enabling sales teams to execute effectively against joint go-to-market initiatives.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Support and manage relationships across all three major cloud providers: Amazon Web &nbsp; Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP).</li>
<li>Serve as the primary cloud partner resource aligned to the Commercial Sales segment, with a specific focus on the South EMEA Commercial Sales team.</li>
<li>Drive net-new business by executing and scaling co-selling motions with hyperscaler partners. Directly sourcing net new opportunities and influencing existing ones.</li>
<li>Develop training content and enablement materials to support the Commercial Sales organization.</li>
<li>Train and enable hyperscaler sellers on the Datadog value proposition, key use cases, and differentiation.</li>
<li>Develop and deliver new go-to-market (GTM) materials and programs designed to increase co-sell velocity and drive new customer acquisition.</li>
<li>Proactively source net-new opportunities from hyperscaler partners to accelerate growth within the Commercial segment.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with Sales, Partner, Marketing, and other Alliance team members to ensure alignment and successful execution of joint initiatives.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced in 3+ years of partner-facing business development, strategic alliances, or channel sales at a cloud services or software as a service organization.</li>
<li>Skilled in driving sales, partner sourced and partner influenced opportunities.</li>
<li>Able to quickly understand technical concepts and explain them to others verbally and in writing.</li>
<li>Experience working with Cloud Alliances and co-selling motions.</li>
<li>Experience and language skills in any of the major South EMEA markets (e.g. France, Middle East, Israel etc) recommended but not required.</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High income earning opportunities based on self performance</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSU) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>Sales training in MEDDIC</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, opportunity to join our Community Guilds</li>
<li>Generous global benefits</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>