<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p><strong>Your Impact</strong><br>As the Service Delivery Manager, you will lead a team responsible for delivering successful implementations of Axon Enterprise’s products, including (but not limited to) Axon Evidence, associated software solutions, and hardware sensors. Your team will guide customers through onboarding, configuration, training, and deployment, ensuring each solution is implemented smoothly and aligned with the customer’s operational needs.</p>
<p><br>Beyond delivering projects, this role focuses on creating exceptional customer experiences at every stage of the implementation journey. You will ensure the team anticipates customer needs, communicates clearly, and removes obstacles so agencies can quickly realise the full value of Axon’s technology. Through your leadership, you will foster a culture where the team takes pride not only in what they deliver, but in how they deliver it—bringing care, ownership, and collaboration to every customer interaction.<br><br>Location: Remotely from United Kingdom<br>Reporting to: Sr. Director Professional Services, International<br>Number of Reports: 8<br>Travel Expectations: approx. 40%</p>
<p><br><strong>What You'll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Team Leadership:</strong> Guide, mentor, and develop the Service Delivery Team, fostering a collaborative and high-performance culture. Conduct regular performance reviews, provide coaching, and identify training opportunities to enhance team skills and knowledge.</li>
<li><strong>Resource Management:</strong> Effectively manage team resources, ensuring optimal allocation and utilization of skills and expertise to meet project demands. Monitor team workloads and provide support to balance priorities.</li>
<li><strong>Complex Deployments:</strong> Lead and manage a team responsible for executing complex, enterprise-grade product deployments. Provide strategic oversight across change management activities, technical presentations, solution demonstrations, and technical workshops, ensuring alignment between client partners and internal stakeholders.</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Collaboration:</strong> Work closely with business and IT leaders to define the vision, scope, and delivery timelines for project deliverables. Ensure that project milestones and deadlines are met, and that all documentation supports project scope and customer acceptance for revenue recognition while maintaining clear communication and strong customer partnerships throughout the implementation lifecycle.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Expertise:</strong> Maintain a deep understanding of Axon products and services, ensuring the team successfully installs, configures, and tests solutions, including interview rooms, in-car video systems, activation devices, and body-worn cameras.</li>
<li><strong>Feedback &amp; Documentation:</strong> Document customer feature requests and issues, providing critical feedback to sales and product management teams for continuous improvement.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Planning:</strong> Work closely with the PSO Commonwealth Director and Sr. International Director to align on strategic initiatives. Contribute to the strategic planning of the Service Delivery Team, identifying opportunities for process improvements, resource enhancements, and service offerings.</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>What You Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Leadership Experience:</strong> Proven experience in managing teams, with strong leadership skills to guide and develop talent in a dynamic environment.</li>
<li><strong>Specialised Knowledge:</strong> Proven operating experience in areas such as Digital Video, Mobile Communications, or SaaS.</li>
<li><strong>Project Management Skills:</strong> Experience in project management and resource tracking, with a strong understanding of software/hardware testing and implementation within complex customer environments.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Acumen:</strong> Comfort with basic networking concepts and mobile applications, combined with the ability to troubleshoot effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Professional Experience &amp; Industry Insight:</strong> A solid understanding of the company's solutions and products, including their strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. Law enforcement experience not mandatory but considered an asset.</li>
<li><strong>Project Management Excellence:</strong> Demonstrated ability to implement, drive, and track multiple simultaneous projects, with strong problem-solving skills.</li>
<li><strong>Willingness to Travel:</strong> Availability to travel (40%) within the United Kingdom &amp; Ireland, with occasional international travel.</li>
<li><strong>Educational Background:</strong> Bachelor’s degree in Management, Business or Information Technology, Information Systems, or applicable Technical Engineering (Computer Science, Software Engineering, Software Development), or equivalent experience.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits that Benefit You </strong></p>
<ul class="d9579f95 \_005fca58">
<li>Competitive base salary and RSUs.</li>
<li>Comprehensive pension plan with matching contribution</li>
<li>Private health insurance &amp; cash plans</li>
<li>30 days paid holiday + UK public holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced maternity/paternity leave</li>
<li>GymPass subscription</li>
<li>Life assurance &amp; income protection</li>
<li>Career growth support and wellness resources</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>