<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:</h3>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Here at Tide, we are looking for a driven Fraud Alert Review Analyst with a good understanding of all concepts of Fraud. We need a passionate and proactive individual, who will help ensure Tide is taking all relevant steps to detect and prevent all aspects of fraud.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is a key element of our Ongoing Monitoring team sitting within the first line of defence (1LOD). You’ll be responsible for ensuring we detect suspicious fraudulent activity, whilst providing great service to our members., You’ll do this through monitoring transactions and behaviours across our member base, whilst spotting and investigating potentially suspicious activity. We are looking for someone who is passionate about preventing fraud , who will help reduce risk to Tide, and let our members get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>As an Analyst in Alert Review, Fraud you’ll be:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Analysing transactions across a variety of payment types and products, looking for signs of Fraud</li>
<li>Confident in calling out potential efficiencies in our tools and processes used for transaction analysis&nbsp;</li>
<li>Confident in using a variety of tools to undertake different types of reviews and investigations, including open source investigation</li>
<li>Managing your own case load to meet performance targets</li>
<li>Consistently reaching the targets for Productivity and Quality&nbsp;</li>
<li>Make recommendations for process improvements to prevent future occurrences of fraud</li>
<li>Establish good relationships with various departments throughout Tide to ensure good operational synergy</li>
<li>Treating Tide members fairly by taking responsibility to ensure that their needs are met</li>
<li>Conducting phone calls if required when gathering information from our members</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>You are willing to work in a flexible<strong> shift pattern </strong>in a 24/7 operational environment.</li>
<li>1 to 3 years of experience in a Transaction monitoring, Fraud risk related role in financial services</li>
<li>A good eye for detail and are able to identify suspicious activity.</li>
<li>Ability to work well as part of a team; decisive; goal-oriented; proactive</li>
<li>A genuinely curious mindset, asking the right questions at the right times, with a problem solving attitude.</li>
<li>You have C1/C2 level of spoken and written English</li>
<li>A keen eye for process improvements, looking how we can work leaner and more robustly.</li>
<li>An analytical mind and are able to digest large data sets and spot patterns and trends with ease&nbsp;</li>
<li>A quick learner, explorer, multitasker and are happy to be in the defined shift&nbsp;</li>
<li>Exceptional communication skills, written and verbal. Are able to communicate with our members (including via telephone) , internal stakeholders &amp; regulatory bodies if required</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>25 days paid annual leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Extended maternity and paternity leave covered by the company</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget</li>
<li>Additional health &amp; dental insurance</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fully covered Multisports card</li>
<li>Food vouchers</li>
<li>Snacks, light food, drinks in the office</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance and Transportation Allowance</li>
<li>Flexible working from home</li>
<li>Sabbatical Leave</li>
<li>Transportation bonus to cover office commute under the hybrid work arrangement</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>