<p>At JetBrains, we have a passion for building the strongest, most effective developer tools in the world, giving developers the freedom to grow, discover, and create. Over fifteen million of the world's most dynamic developers speed up their workflows using our products, helping them stay focused on code design and the big picture and allowing them to deliver more creative and effective results.</p>
<p>JetBrains tools serve the needs of both individual developers and teams. The Orchestration department focuses on solving development workflow challenges that affect multiple products. The primary focus of this role is TeamCity, JetBrains’ CI/CD platform that automates build, test, and deployment pipelines. TeamCity streamlines workflows, ensures code quality, and accelerates delivery by reducing manual overhead, maintaining consistency across environments and integrating seamlessly with modern development tools.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, this role may occasionally support two new product teams within the department that are developing next-generation solutions for team development workflows, contributing to the design of emerging JetBrains products that have not yet been publicly released.</p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who can lead design initiatives, own key product areas, and bring clarity and usability to complex technical workflows. Design plays a critical role in these products by helping developers stay in the flow, reduce cognitive load, and work more confidently with a variety of tools.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Design and deliver high-quality user interfaces by creating wireframes, mockups, and interactive prototypes.</li>
<li>Own the design direction and lead large-scale initiatives from vision and strategy to execution.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product managers, developers, researchers, and stakeholders to define problems, align on goals, and ensure design solutions meet user and business needs.</li>
<li>Effectively communicate design concepts and decisions to stakeholders and the team to promote alignment and comprehension.</li>
<li>Conduct and analyze usability testing and user research to create design solutions based on real user needs and behavioral data.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the UX Research and Analytics teams to validate ideas, uncover user insights, and influence product direction.</li>
<li>Help develop our design system to maintain visual and functional consistency across the product while enabling flexibility and scale.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Requirements&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>A strong portfolio showcasing UI/UX design skills.</li>
<li>The ability to independently tackle complex, large-scale projects from vision and strategy to feature implementation.</li>
<li>The proven ability to independently lead complex design projects from early discovery to implementation.</li>
<li>Proficiency in prototyping, validating, and presenting UI/UX solutions.</li>
<li>Expertise in conducting user research, usability testing, and analyzing data to inform and refine design choices.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with experience working on cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>The ability to empathize and understand developer challenges and day-to-day workflows.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience designing for developer-focused products or technical environments with high-load interfaces.</li>
<li>An understanding of development processes and IDE principles.</li>
<li>Experience in building technically complex solutions and tools for developers,software development, or QA.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI<br><span style="color: rgb(236, 240, 241);">#LI-DNI</span><br></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>