<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Software Engineer L1.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to build and maintain a suite of mission critical services in our core messaging flow.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Software Engineer in the Messaging Data Platform team, you will be working with product managers, architects and other engineers to deliver Messaging product features. Being on the critical path of one of the world's largest messaging platforms, the team's primary focus is around building scalable, reliable and low latency services.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you thrive in fast-moving environments, enjoy working on scalable systems, and are passionate about building high-performance backend services, this role is for you.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop, and maintain Messaging backend services</li>
<li>Improve the reliability, scalability, and efficiency of Messaging backend systems.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams including product, design, and infrastructure to deliver customer-focused solutions.</li>
<li>Drive best practices in software engineering, including code reviews, testing, and deployment processes.</li>
<li>Ensure high operational excellence by monitoring, troubleshooting, and maintaining always-on cloud services.</li>
<li>Contribute to architectural discussions and technical roadmaps.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>1+ years of experience with Java frameworks such as Dropwizard, Spring, Hibernate, or similar, either in an academic or professional environment</li>
<li>Strong Computer Science fundamentals not limited to data structures, algorithms, operating systems, and distributed systems</li>
<li>Knowledge of processes and engineering best practices in all phases of the software development life cycle</li>
<li>Readiness to participate in the on-call rotation</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and desire to make an impact and thrive in small, collaborative, energetic teams</li>
<li>Dedication to learn</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with cloud services (AWS preferred, Google, Azure etc.)</li>
<li>Experience with microservice architecture</li>
<li>Experience working with Agile/Scrum methodologies</li>
<li>Experience with containerization and orchestration tools (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote from Ireland.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>