<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE TEAM:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>At Tide, we are building a finance &amp; admin platform designed to save small businesses time and money. We provide our members with business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Launched in 2017, Tide is now the leading business financial platform in the UK with 575,000 SME members (10% market share) and more than 200,000 SMEs in India. Headquartered in London, Tide has over 1,600 Tideans across the UK, Bulgaria, India, Serbia, Romania, Ukraine and Germany.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Tide is rapidly growing, expanding into new markets and always looking for passionate and driven people. Join us in our mission to empower small businesses and help them save time and money.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><br>ABOUT THE ROLE:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>A KYC (Know Your Customer) Analyst is a professional responsible for ensuring compliance with regulations and policies related to customer identification and due diligence in the First line of Defence to fight against financial crime. The primary role of a KYC analyst is to verify the identity of customers, assess the risks associated with their activities, and monitor transactions to detect and prevent money laundering, fraud and other financial crimes. By conducting cross-platform research, including investigations on platforms such as Company's House and social media, you will gather client-specific analysis for KYC purposes and fulfill the requisite onboarding due diligence.</p>
<p>KYC analysts play a crucial role in maintaining the integrity of financial systems and preventing illicit activities. Their work is essential for financial institutions, fintech companies, and other entities subject to KYC regulations.</p>
<p><strong>Some tasks you will be undertaking:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li>Verify the identity of new customers by collecting and analyzing relevant documentation, such as government-issued IDs, proof of address, and business registration documents by collecting the information through emails and certain internal platforms</li>
<li>Assess the risk associated with each customer based on factors such as their industry, geographic location, transaction patterns, and the nature of their business activities.</li>
<li>Liaising with the KYC policies and procedures to ensure a consistent understanding of compliance requirements throughout</li>
<li>Conduct thorough due diligence on all customers to ensure that their business activities align with legal and regulatory requirements. This may involve CDD and EDD procedures in the review</li>
<li>Recognizing areas for enhancement to improve both efficiency and the overall member experience.</li>
<li>Extending assistance whenever required within the business.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h3><br>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>You excel in taking initiative and exhibit a natural curiosity about the entire KYC principles and processes</li>
<li>Ideally, you possess over a year of work experience in KYC/compliance, preferably within a highly regulated environment.</li>
<li>You demonstrate a clear understanding and effective application of the regulatory requirements in the UK.</li>
<li>You possess a robust understanding and hands-on experience with CDD and EDD processes.</li>
<li>You bring prior experience in working with Google Sheets.</li>
<li>You possess an analytical mindset, capable of digesting large datasets and effortlessly identifying patterns and trends.</li>
<li>You have outstanding English communication skills, both in written and verbal form.</li>
<li>You demonstrate the ability to collaborate effectively within a team, make impactful decisions, pursue goals with determination, proactively address challenges, and adapt seamlessly to various people and working styles.</li>
</ul>
<h3><br>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:&nbsp;</h3>
<p></p>
<p>Make work, work for you! We are embracing new ways of working and support flexible working arrangements. With our Working Out of Office (WOO) policy our colleagues can work remotely from home or anywhere in their home country. Additionally, you can work from a different country for 90 days of the year. Plus, you’ll get:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Self &amp; Family Health Insurance</li>
<li>Term &amp; Life Insurance</li>
<li>OPD Benefits</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing through Plumm</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development Budget</li>
<li>WFH Setup allowance</li>
<li>15 days of Privilege leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Casual leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Sick leaves</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Stock Options (If applicable)</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>