**About the Company:**

Netomi is the leading agentic AI platform for enterprise customer experience. We work with the largest global brands like Delta Airlines, MetLife, MGM, United, and others to enable agentic automation at scale across the entire customer journey. Our no-code platform delivers the fastest time to market, lowest total cost of ownership, and simple, scalable management of AI agents for any CX use case. Backed by WndrCo, Y Combinator, and Index Ventures, we help enterprises drive efficiency, lower costs, and deliver higher quality customer experiences.

Want to be part of the AI revolution and transform how the world’s largest global brands do business? Join us!

We are looking for a Software Engineer with experience in Java development. We are looking for someone who brings in experience of coding, fixing, executing and versioning existing code for applications. We are looking for someone who is ready to think beyond and is ready to take bigger responsibilities. If you're passionate to solve real time fundamental problems, explore, learn and work on technologies out of scope, Netomi is the perfect place for you.

## Responsibilities

- Assist in planning, design and execution of SOA backend platforms and mostly around REST based Web.
- Frameworks using JAVA (Spark, Spring, ORM).
- High-level and low-level design of the highly scalable components.
- Track defects and works with business owners and users to triage bugs and manage a backlog.
- Taking care of Non-functional requirements like Scale/ High Availability/Performance/Security.
- Build/Deployments/DevOps related work on AWS.
- Works collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary team environment; establishes and maintains professional networks with subject matter experts.
- Assist key technical advisors in defining the project roadmap.

## Requirements

- Experience on SOA, Multitenant platforms, SaaS platforms (It’s a plus)
- 1-3 years’ experience – proficient in Java / J2EE
- Experience with Amazon web services or similar environment
- Experience on some scripting language for automated build/ deployments (It’s a plus)

Netomi is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.