HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the Mable team.

**About Mable**

Mable is one of Australia's leading and fastest-growing healthtech platforms. As a purpose-driven company, we are where thousands of people with disability and older Australians have connected with independent support workers of their choosing and on terms that suit them.

With more than 25 million hours of support facilitated since 2014, it's no wonder we have been recognised on the AFR's Top 100, Deloitte Tech Fast 50, were previously awarded Australian Growth & Technology Growth Company of the Year.

By working at Mable, you will join a high productivity and dynamic team environment, leading to meaningful change in Australia's care and support sectors.

To find out more, visit <https://mable.com.au/>

**About the role**

As a Customer Support Specialist at Mable, you’ll be at the heart of our platform, supporting and empowering every type of user we serve. Our team is trained across all things Mable, making us the go-to crew for solving problems, creating seamless experiences, and turning everyday interactions into moments of connection. We play a vital role in driving customer engagement, building trust, and turning users into loyal advocates.

## Key Responsibilities

- Assisting the Mable community in a high volume inbound call centre environment, also supporting additional channels as required.
- Display excellent interpersonal skills with an empathetic and compassionate approach to customers
- Recognise opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and work towards a resolution or escalate where required
- Provide information, advice, guidance, and support to our community, supporting our users to achieve their goals through our platform
- Proactively educate our users on getting the most out of Mable based on their individual needs.
- Advocate for customers to ensure their needs are met and inquiries resolved.
- Provide broader business teams with insights and feedback to support process and platform improvements
- Deliver standard service excellence that is in line with our code of conduct and company values
- Adhere to team processes and procedures and accurate record-keeping in Salesforce
- Meet individual and team KPIs, and undertake other duties and responsibilities as required

## Skills, knowledge and experience

- You are excited about working in a fast-paced, high-volume environment, think big, and act with a sense of urgency for our customers.
- You are a champion in delivering world-class customer service and have a passion for providing excellent customer outcomes.
- You are a good listener, problem-solver, critical thinker, and a people person with strong verbal and written communication skills.
- You care about your customers and will always go the extra mile to get them the best outcomes.
- You have experience using Salesforce or similar CRM systems and enjoy learning new things.
- You love working in a collaborative team that enjoys having fun and supporting each other.
- You exhibit adaptability, resilience, transparency, trustworthiness, passion, and innate curiosity.
- You have 2-3 years in a customer support or customer service role, preferably in the health tech, NDIS or aged care sectors.
- You are familiar with NDIS policies, procedures, and funding models (desirable)
- You have demonstrated the ability to work with vulnerable populations, showing patience and understanding.

**We’re powered by purpose**

**We’re Switched On 💡**

We know our customers because we listen and want to learn. We engage within the community and the sector and always act on insights.

**We’re Bold 📣**

We’re ambitious and embrace creativity to solve challenges. We’re here to reshape the industry and back big ideas.

**We’re One 🤝**

We channel our passion into a positive environment. We welcome diversity and collaborate to make the most of our different skills and ways of thinking.

**We’re Impactful 🌟**

We work hard to deliver change. We innovate and move fast to make a difference in the sector and people’s lives.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!