<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Locations: Singapore</strong></p>
<p><strong>O</strong><strong>verview:</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare provides consultative and hands-on-keyboard implementation and migration services for enterprise customers. As a Senior Professional Services Consultant for Zero Trust Services/SASE and Network Services, you are an individual contributor working in the post-sales landscape, responsible for the technical execution of solutions and guidance to our customers to get the most value possible from their Cloudflare investment. You are a security expert and have experience with ZTNA, Data Loss Prevention, Email security, CASB, SASE.</p>
<p>This position has working hours Monday to Friday 09:00 a.m. to 06:00 p.m. Occasionally, we support our customers during the weekends for specific changes that need to be done outside of their business hours. Travel is expected at around 30%.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Plan and deliver timely and organized services for customers, ensure customers see the full value in Cloudflare’s products and advice on product best practices.</li>
<li>Gather business and technical requirements, use cases and any other information required to build, migrate and deliver a solution on behalf of the customer and transition the Cloudflare working environment to the customer. Produce a Solution Design, HLD, LLD, databuilds, procedures, scripts, test plans, drawings, deployment plan, migration plan, as-builts, and any other artifacts necessary to deliver the solution and transition smoothly into the customer’s technical teams.</li>
<li>Implement changes on behalf of the customer in the Cloudflare environment following the customer’s change management process. Provide guidance to the customer to configure their CPEs and integration points.</li>
<li>Troubleshoot implementation issues and collaborate with Customer Support, Engineering and other teams to assist technical escalations.</li>
<li>Contribute towards the success of the organization through knowledge sharing activities such as contributing to internal and external documentation, answering technical Q&amp;A, and helping to iterate on best practices. Support building operational assets like templates, automation scripts, procedures, workflows, etc.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Experience might include a combination of the skills below:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience working in a customer-facing technical implementation or onboarding team, security engineering team, security operations center or other highly technical team</li>
<li>Layers and protocols of the OSI model, such as TCP/IP, TLS, DNS, HTTP</li>
<li>Deep understanding of Internet and Security technologies such as SWG, Sandboxing, Firewalls, DLP, and VPNs</li>
<li>Deep understanding of Zero Trust technologies such as Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA), Secure Web Gateway (SWG), Remote Browser Isolation (RBI), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), CASB and Cloud Email Security</li>
<li>Deep understanding of SSO, ADFS, LDAP and SAML and the role of the IdP for SSO. Security aspects of an internet property, such as Firewalls, WAFs, Bot Management, Rate Limiting, (M)TLS</li>
<li>Performance aspects of an internet property, such as Speed, Latency, Caching, HTTP/2, TLSv1.3</li>
<li>Network transformation technologies such as MPLS, SD-WAN or WAN Optimization</li>
<li>Ability to manage a project, work to deadlines, and prioritize between competing demands</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Demonstrated technical experience (hands-on-keyboard) with:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working with Reverse &amp; Forward proxies with Content Filtering &amp; DLP technologies</li>
<li>Software distribution &amp; deployment in Microsoft, Mac and Linux environments</li>
<li>Detailed working knowledge of web based security, network segmentation, security proxies,&nbsp; Firewalls and NGFWs, SSL/IPSec and SSL/TLS VPN appliances &amp; services, etc</li>
<li>Windows &amp; Linux Server system administration</li>
<li>Windows, MacOS and Linux client endpoints troubleshooting</li>
<li>Experience debugging Network connectivity issues using Network Troubleshooting Tools</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred but not mandatory:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Software distribution via Mobile Device Management platforms</li>
<li>Experience with Microsoft Active Directory, GPO, AzureAD an Intune</li>
<li>Experience with Zero Trust Implementation and deep understanding of the Zero Trust Frameworks like NIST will be a huge plus</li>
<li>Experience implementing or understanding of regulatory requirements such as PCI DSS, HIPAA, and SOC-2</li>
<li>Security skills and certifications such as CISSP, GCIA GCIH, GCFA, GCFE, CCIE, CCNP, JNCIE or MCSE will be a huge plus</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>