<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p>We are seeking a&nbsp;Compliance Due Diligence Specialist to further improve our Third-Party Risk Management (TPRM) and due diligence assessment framework and processes. This person will be responsible for day-to-day execution of due diligence assessments for various third parties.</p>
<p>This role is ideal for someone with a solid compliance due diligence foundation who wants to dig down to investigating third parties, contribute to process improvements, and help scale a modern compliance function in a fast-growing tech environment.</p>
<p>You will work closely with Ethics &amp; Compliance, Legal, HR, and varrious other business and technology teams to ensure compliance is practical, efficient, and embedded into business operations.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct<strong> third-party due diligence assessments, </strong>including risk scoring, screening, verification, and documentation of third-party risk profiles</li>
<li>Perform name screening against sanctions, PEP, adverse media, and related lists, and coordinate resolution of positive matches within established timelines</li>
<li>Manage internal due diligence for medium and high-risk third parties, including desktop checks, review of ownership structures, beneficial owners, and site visits where feasible</li>
<li>Coordinate external due diligence questionnaires for high-risk third parties, reviewing responses related to corporate structure, governance controls, human rights safeguards, ESG data, and compliance declarations</li>
<li>Identify and escalate red flags, including sanctions exposure, bribery and corruption risk, modern slavery indicators, Zero Connections concerns, and geopolitical risks</li>
<li>Maintain the Third-Party Risk Register, ensuring accurate documentation of risk scores, due diligence records, mitigation actions, and reassessment schedules</li>
<li>Perform monthly compliance reconciliations, including sample-based quality checks of completed assessments, verification of scoring accuracy, and adherence to reassessment schedules</li>
<li>Help identify training needs across the organization and support development and delivery of compliance training and awareness initiatives</li>
<li>Contribute to process improvement and automation initiatives, making compliance processes more efficient and scalable</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Relevant level of education and certifications (i.e. CFE, CAMS etc.)</li>
<li>Minimum of 4 years experience in performing due diligence, KYC assessments or investigations</li>
<li>Experience working within a corporate compliance program</li>
<li>Experience in data center, AI or relevant technology companies</li>
<li>Good understanding of core compliance topics (e.g. COI, ABAC, third-party risk, sanctions)</li>
<li>Familiarity with compliance and third party risk assessment methodologies</li>
<li>Strong organizational and analytical skills</li>
<li>Hands-on and proactive, Interested in building and improving processes,</li>
<li>Structured and detail-oriented, but pragmatic</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and ability to work cross-functionally</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be an added bonus if you have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with compliance tools or workflow systems</li>
<li>Experience with Dow Jones RiskCenter or similar third-party risk management platforms</li>
<li>Exposure to automation or process improvement initiatives</li>
<li>Experience in a fast-paced, international / listed, or tech environment</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>