<div class="content-intro"><p>FERNRIDE is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to Diversity, Equity, Inclusion &amp; Belonging because we value and celebrate everyone's differences and individuality. We strive to create an open, safe space in which you feel empowered and authentic. FERNRIDE has 50 employees from 10+ countries. Our culture is characterized by the company values and fundamentals:</p>
<p>&nbsp;<em data-renderer-mark="true">#wewinasoneteam #weexecuteanddeliver #weareambitiousinnovators #weareopentochange #weputcustomervaluefirst #respect #professionalism #safety</em>.</p></div><h1>Senior Build/Infra Software Engineer</h1>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2>What you will work on</h2>
<p>You will be part of a team that accelerates product delivery and improves system quality by building and operating Fernride’s core engineering enablement platforms.</p>
<p>The team provides state-of-the-art development tooling and CI infrastructure for our polyglot monorepo, owns critical infrastructure provisioning and deployment workflows, and ensures reliable, secure integration with external partners.</p>
<p>We design systems that make every engineering team faster, safer, and more effective—without compromising on quality or cutting corners.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>How you will leave your footprint</h2>
<ul>
<li>Build and evolve our world-class scalable Build, CI/CD, and devtools ecosystem</li>
<li>Design and operate Hardware-in-the-loop and target CI pipelines that bring hardware realistically and reliably into the development loop</li>
<li>Own provisioning and deployment platforms (AWX/Ansible, OTA updates) that are robust, auditable, and automation-first</li>
<li>Create reliable logs, data ingest, and analytics foundations that enable deep system insight and faster debugging across the company</li>
<li>Deliver end-to-end solutions across a diverse environment of cloud platforms, vehicle computes, operator control stations, and everything in between</li>
<li>Enable seamless and secure integration with external systems and hardware platforms, acting as a force multiplier for product teams</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you will bring to the team</h2>
<h3>Required skills</h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong experience building and operating CI/CD systems for complex software products</li>
<li>Experience with Bazel</li>
<li>Experience with toolchains, dependency management, and developer tooling</li>
<li>Practical knowledge of Linux-based systems, networking, and deployment automation</li>
<li>Solid background in software engineering with a focus on quality, automation, and maintainability as well as a strong sense of ownership and the discipline to protect quality under pressure</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred skills</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with HIL setups, embedded targets, or hardware-adjacent CI workflows in Bazel</li>
<li>Familiarity with OTA update mechanisms and large-scale fleet or device management</li>
<li>Experience working with cloud systems and scaling cloud native services (e.g. Azure, AWS, GCP) and IaC (Terraform)</li>
<li>Prior exposure to safety-critical, defense, or mission-critical systems</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2>What we offer @ FERNRIDE</h2>
<p>At FERNRIDE, we believe in empowering you to thrive both personally and professionally. Our benefits are thoughtfully designed to support your growth, well-being, and aspirations while fostering a strong sense of work-life harmony. Here’s how we support you:</p>
<ul>
<li>Flexible working hours &amp; remote work</li>
<li>All-day breakfast and unlimited drinks, fruits, and snacks</li>
<li>Lunch subsidy</li>
<li>Select one of three options: (1) EUR 40 Spendit card /month (2) Wellpass (3) Mobility card</li>
<li>Corporate Benefits platform</li>
<li>Company pension scheme</li>
<li>Team, department, and company events</li>
<li>30 days of vacation</li>
<li>Up to six weeks of remote work in countries covered under the EHIC (European Health Insurance Card)</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3 style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Who we are</strong></h3>
<p>At FERNRIDE, we believe in a future where robotics unlocks human potential to create a better world. Yet today, humans still perform repetitive, risky tasks to keep our world running. These jobs, essential yet unattractive, should be performed by robots, which still fall short. We are on a mission to change that and transform critical industries through human-centric automation.&nbsp;</p>
<p>FERNRIDE delivers a comprehensive ground autonomy platform to offer scalable automation solutions across industries. They span from container terminals and yard operations via defence logistics to open-road trucking. By combining AI-powered autonomy with human oversight and modular, vehicle-agnostic hardware, we enable businesses and defence organizations to harness the full potential of automation, driving efficiency and safety.</p>
<p>FERNRIDE was founded in 2019 following 10 years of research at the Technical University of Munich and currently has 50 employees. We are setting the standard for autonomous logistics and advancing Europe’s technological sovereignty by delivering the first-ever fully certified autonomous trucking system in Europe in 2025.&nbsp;</p>
<p><a href="http://www.fernride.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.fernride.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1757585046493000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1T5cJF2LGWoamJbG16ROiW">http://www.fernride.com</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>