<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Bangalore, India
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p>We're Celonis, the global leader in Process Mining technology and one of the world's fastest-growing SaaS firms. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock productivity by placing data and intelligence at the core of business processes - and for that, we need you to join us.</p></div><div><p><strong>The Team:</strong></p><br><p>The Celonis Finance team is a young team of product enthusiasts that focuses on developing best-in class Business Apps in the domain of Finance. Business Apps are purpose-built solutions created for a specific line of business, addressing most impactful pain points in their respective domain. The apps are best practice examples of how Celonis is used in new, innovative ways that push the boundaries of our platform. The team has a great balance of technical skills to build solutions paired with a customer focus and product management mindset to create meaningful products widely adopted across our customer base.</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>The Role:</strong></p><br><p>You will gain experience in the Finance and related processes and act as the interface between customers, our Go-To-Market and our Product &amp; Engineering teams, shaping the future of Celonis’ Business Apps in this domain. Take this chance to rethink the way companies run their Finance processes and help our customers to accelerate their value realization with Celonis.</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Work closely with customers to understand their pain points in Finance with a focus on Accounts Payable</li><br><li>Be involved in all steps within the product development lifecycle from ideation to product development to scaling solutions across all Celonis customers</li><br><li>Use the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform hands-on to develop new, innovative solutions in the area of Accounts Payable</li><br><li>Collaborate with platform product managers and engineers to guide and influence feature development of the platform</li><br><li>Work together with our UX team to define the user experience for our products</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p>If you are passionate about Finance and Accounts Payable, the Celonis technology, and what it can do for our customers, here's your chance to directly contribute to taking our Celonis Process Intelligence Platform to the next level.</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>3-5+ years of experience in Solution Engineering, Implementation Consulting, Business Analytics, Operations Research or comparable roles</li><br><li>Expert in data analysis including with tools native to the Celonis platform: SQL, PQL and Python</li><br><li>Experience with SAP, Oracle or other ERP systems and their respective Accounts Payable modules</li><br><li>Project management experience and excellent planning and organizational skills</li><br><li>Creativity in problem solving, solution-oriented, self-motivated, able to work independently and collaborate well within and outside the team</li><br><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the willingness to work very closely with customers and cross-functional stakeholders</li><br><li>Very good knowledge of spoken and written English (German is a plus)</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology</li><br><li>Investment in your personal growth and skill development (ownership of projects, exposure to senior management, mentorship and buddy programs, guided learning paths, internal mobility opportunities)</li><br><li>Mental well-being support (mindfulness tools such as Headspace, flexible working hours, virtual events, and more)</li><br><li>A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with</li><br><li>An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams</li><br><li>Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (Black@Celonis, Women@Celonis, Parents@Celonis, Pride@Celonis, Resilience@Celonis, and more)</li><br><li>A clear set of <a href="https://www.celonis.com/company/values/">company values</a> that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future</li><br></ul></div><div><p><strong>What Celonis Can Offer You:</strong></p><br><ul class="p-rich_text_list p-rich_text_list__bullet p-rich_text_list--nested"><br><li><strong>Pioneer Innovation:</strong>&nbsp;Work with the leading, award-winning process mining technology, shaping the future of business.</li><br><li><strong>Accelerate Your Growth:</strong>&nbsp;Benefit from clear career paths, internal mobility, a dedicated learning program, and mentorship opportunities.</li><br><li><strong>Receive Exceptional Benefits:</strong>&nbsp;Including generous PTO, hybrid working options, company equity (RSUs), comprehensive benefits, extensive parental leave, dedicated volunteer days, and&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://careers.celonis.com/life-at-celonis/benefits">much more</a>.</li><br><li><strong>Prioritize Your Well-being:</strong>&nbsp;Access to resources such as gym subsidies, counseling, and well-being programs.</li><br><li><strong>Connect and Belong:</strong>&nbsp;Find community and support through dedicated inclusion and belonging programs.</li><br><li><strong>Make Meaningful Impact:</strong>&nbsp;Be part of a company driven by strong&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://careers.celonis.com/life-at-celonis/values">values</a>&nbsp;that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future.</li><br><li><strong>Collaborate Globally:</strong>&nbsp;Join a dynamic, international team of talented individuals.</li><br><li><strong>Empowered Environment:</strong>&nbsp;Contribute your ideas in an open culture with autonomous teams.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>About Us:</strong></p><br><p>Celonis makes processes work for people, companies and the planet. The Celonis Process Intelligence Platform uses industry-leading process mining and AI technology and augments it with business context to give customers a living digital twin of their business operation. It’s system-agnostic and without bias, and provides everyone with a common language for understanding and improving businesses. Celonis enables its customers to continuously realize significant value across the top, bottom, and green line. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p><br><p>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.<strong><br></strong></p><br><p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p><br><p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p><br><p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p><br><p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p><br><p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p><br><p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/celonis-application-product-manager-accounts-payable">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/celonis-application-product-manager-accounts-payable</a></p>