<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>The Okta Partners &amp; Global Alliance Team&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>The Global Alliance Team is part of Okta’s Revenue Organization. We manage the largest and most complex relationships from Cloud Marketplaces, Resellers, Distributors and Systems Integrators with a laser focus on driving sales and deployments of Okta’s software. We are looking for a Sr. Partner Alliance Manager, GSI for UK/I. The ideal candidate will be a builder with a strategic approach and bias towards execution.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How you’ll make an impact&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>This role will expand our existing alliances with GSIs like PwC, Deloitte, NTT DATA and Accenture. Working closely with our EMEA sales leadership, this role has the opportunity to lay the foundation for the GSI business at Okta.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute partner business plans with GSIs across EMEA. ● Build capacity to scale sales and delivery&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop, cultivate and maintain relationships across the largest GSIs to execute the joint sales plays that deliver financial results.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Co-own joint Marketing initiatives, which include the use of Marketing Development Funds to drive demand generation through events and campaigns&nbsp;</li>
<li>Own and drive the certifications, accreditations, and training of GSIs in EMEA&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build and drive pipeline generation at the field level with direct sales and go-to-market partner organizations (EMEA Alliances)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive and manage partnership agreements with the GSI member firms across EMEA&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring with you:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience and network working with technology alliances - ideally at a SaaS company and within cybersecurity.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience building out a business at scale with Big 4 Advisory Firms or Global Systems Integrators across multiple regions in EMEA&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deep experience and knowledge of Systems Integrators (from business model, to training and certification strategies).&nbsp;</li>
<li>Executive communication skills and an ability to drive influence and action from Senior Leaders across product, finance and sales.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Data driven mindset with strong analytical skills to continuously measure KPI’s, pipeline, marketing, deal registrations, accreditations and certifications.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Track record of beating revenue based quotas&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional expertise that would add value to this role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Exposure and involved with Hyper Scalers</li>
<li>Operational Excellence when it comes to the utilisation of tools and AI to carry out your role effectively.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in SaaS based partnering models</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-LW1</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#P19880\_3408331</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>