<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong><strong><br></strong></h2>
<p><strong>Gestalten Sie mit uns die digitale Zukunft und liefern Sie außergewöhnliche Kundenerlebnisse! In unserem Vertriebsteam erwartet Sie eine spannende Karriere. Jetzt bewerben!</strong></p>
<p>At Contentful, we are always searching for top candidates to join our global team of Business Development Reps. We are particularly interested in individuals who would like to pursue a career in sales who can work with our DACH customer base on a fluent German level.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a speculative job description, and an immediate opening may not be available. However, we still encourage interested candidates to apply. On a proactive basis, our recruitment team will do our best to get in touch with you to discuss your profile and explain more about Contentful. We will keep your application on file should a suitable opportunity arise.</p>
<p>This position is one of the first touch-points that our German speaking customers (DACH region- Germany, Austria &amp; Switzerland)&nbsp; and potential prospects will have with the Contentful brand. This role requires an organized and motivated individual to understand how&nbsp; Contentful can help organizations drive digital transformation and best-in-class customer experiences. As a Business Development Representative for the DACH region, you will gain experience interacting with customers of all levels across various industries. You will work closely with assigned Regional Sales Executives and supporting teams to hunt new business. If you are interested in transitioning into tech sales or starting your career in sales, this is the perfect role to take in learning all the necessary skills for a successful career!</p>
<p>Part of this unique opportunity includes attending our Contentful training program. This program focuses on developing highly skilled professionals within our organization. This is a multi-step learning and skill development program with hands-on training to help you scale up your skills.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Please note this is an onsite role.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Focus on lead generation within the DACH Market (Germany, Austria &amp; Switzerland)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gain in-depth knowledge of customers, industry, and Contentful’s solution offerings</li>
<li>Proactively engage with and reach out to new prospects</li>
<li>Lead generation activities, including strategic research on LinkedIn, among other hunting tools and outbound prospecting, calling, emailing, and social outreach</li>
<li>Collaborate with assigned Account Executives, handing off qualified prospects</li>
<li>Successfully reach&nbsp; pipeline targets on a monthly, quarterly, and annual basis</li>
<li>Build relationships with key decision-makers across a number of industries&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What do you need to be successful?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>1-2 years of work experience preferred; and previous SDR/BDR experience is highly advantageous</li>
<li>Interest in a career in sales, lead generation, or any other customer-facing function</li>
<li>Language fluency in English and German is mandatory</li>
<li>Excellent oral and written communication skills</li>
<li>Seeks to understand the customer’s needs, objectives and challenges</li>
<li>Ability to proactively qualify customer needs</li>
<li>Ability to understand the business opportunity, and to articulate it to the AE team, by understanding the prospect’s use case and requirements well and how Contentful fits into the customer’s goals</li>
<li>Ability to build rapport with prospects, colleagues and other stakeholders</li>
<li>Self starter, doesn’t wait for things to happen, but pro-actively takes action to move the conversation forward</li>
<li>Ability to follow the set processes, update the relevant systems diligently, and make suggestions on improvements where required</li>
<li>Detail oriented and data driven</li>
<li>Ability to work with standard software such as Salesforce, etc.</li>
<li>Interest in technology and willingness to learn about Contentful's solutions</li>
<li>Customer-first mindset, where you and company wins by helping our customers to be successful.</li>
<li>Willingness to travel (up to 10%)</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What's in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company</li>
<li>We value<strong> Work-Life balance </strong>and<strong> You Time</strong>!<strong> </strong>A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days</li>
<li>Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for life’s challenges</li>
<li>Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>A monthly phone/internet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend. Get the gear you need to work at your best</li>
</ul>
<h6>&nbsp;#LI-KT1</h6><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>