<div>
<div class="description content">
<p>Senior data engineers at Thoughtworks are engineers who build, maintain and test the software architecture and infrastructure for managing data applications. They are involved in developing core capabilities which include technical and functional data platforms. They are the anchor for functional streams of work and are accountable for timely delivery. They work on the latest big data tools, frameworks and offerings (data mesh, etc.), while also being involved in enabling credible and collaborative problem solving to execute on a strategy.</p>
</div>
<h2 id="job-responsibilities">Job responsibilities</h2>
<div class="job-responsibilities content">
<ul>
<li>You will develop and operate modern data architecture approaches to meet key business objectives and provide end-to-end data solutions.</li>
<li>You will develop intricate data processing pipelines, addressing clients' most challenging problems.</li>
<li>You will collaborate with data scientists to design scalable implementations of their models.</li>
<li>You will write clean, iterative code using TDD and leverage various continuous delivery practices to deploy, support and operate data pipelines.</li>
<li>You will use different distributed storage and computing technologies from the plethora of options available.</li>
<li>You will develop data models by selecting from a variety of modeling techniques and implementing the chosen data model using the appropriate technology stack.</li>
<li>You will collaborate with the team on the areas of data governance, data security and data privacy.</li>
<li>You will incorporate data quality into your day-to-day work.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2 id="job-qualifications">Job qualifications</h2>
<div class="job-qualifications content">
<h3 id="technical-skills">Technical Skills</h3>
<div class="qualifications inner-content">
<ul>
<li>You have experience with the <strong>Databricks</strong> platform.</li>
<li>You have experience in <strong>Gen/AI </strong>and <strong>LLMs</strong>.</li>
<li>Working with data excites you; You can build and operate data pipelines, and maintain data storage, all within distributed systems.</li>
<li>You have hands-on experience of data modeling and modern data engineering tools and platforms.</li>
<li>You have experience in writing clean, high-quality code using the preferred programming language.</li>
<li>You have built and deployed large-scale data pipelines and data-centric applications using any of the distributed storage platforms and distributed processing platforms in a production setting.</li>
<li>You have experience with data visualization techniques and can communicate the insights as per the audience.</li>
<li>You have experience with data-driven approaches and can apply data security and privacy strategy to solve business problems.</li>
<li>You have experience with different types of databases (i.e.: SQL, NoSQL, data lake, data schemas, etc.).</li>
</ul>
</div>
<h3 id="professional-skills">Professional Skills</h3>
<div class="skills inner-content">
<ul>
<li>You have <strong>advanced English</strong>.</li>
<li>You understand the importance of stakeholder management and can easily liaise between clients and other key stakeholders throughout projects, ensuring buy-in and gaining trust along the way.</li>
<li>You are resilient in ambiguous situations and can adapt your role to approach challenges from multiple perspectives.</li>
<li>You don’t shy away from risks or conflicts, instead you take them on and skillfully manage them.</li>
<li>You are eager to coach, mentor and motivate others and you aspire to influence teammates to take positive action and accountability for their work.</li>
<li>You enjoy influencing others and always advocate for technical excellence while being open to change when needed.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<h2 id="important-things">Other things to know</h2>
<div class="important-things content">
<h3>Learning &amp; Development</h3>
<div class="inner-content">
<p>There is no one-size-fits-all career path at Thoughtworks: however you want to develop your career is entirely up to you. But we also balance autonomy with the strength of our cultivation culture. This means your career is supported by interactive tools, numerous development programs and teammates who want to help you grow. We see value in helping each other be our best and that extends to empowering our employees in their career journeys.</p>
</div>
</div>
<h2 id="about">About Thoughtworks</h2>
<div class="about content">
<p>Thoughtworks is a dynamic and inclusive community of bright and supportive colleagues who are revolutionizing tech. As a leading technology consultancy, we’re pushing boundaries through our purposeful and impactful work. For 30+ years, we’ve delivered extraordinary impact together with our clients by helping them solve complex business problems with technology as the differentiator. Bring your brilliant expertise and commitment for continuous learning to Thoughtworks. Together, let’s be extraordinary.</p>
</div>
<p style="display: none;">#LI-Remote</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p style="text-align: center;"><a href="https://www.thoughtworks.com/careers/ai-policy-for-recruitment">See here our AI policy.</a></p></div>