<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>As a Customer Success Manager EMEA,&nbsp; you will work directly with Contentful customers in&nbsp; the EMEA &nbsp; region to ensure they maximize value from our platform and deliver a stellar customer experience as their trusted advisor. You will help our customers achieve both their technical and business goals while driving retention and growth for Contentful.&nbsp; You will partner closely with our sales, partner organization, and professional services teams and amplify the voices of the customers internally by driving continuous feedback into our product and customer teams.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Build and own relationships across a full book of business and embody the trusted advisor role, managing a book of business of around 25-30 enterprise accounts.</li>
<li>Monitor and guide new customers to ensure value expectations are aligned and achieved from the beginning</li>
<li>Understand and advise customers’ priorities with Contentful, capture and communicate KPIs and outcomes through a defined path to maturity and success</li>
<li>Drive product adoption, customer satisfaction, and overall influence on customer health scores</li>
<li>Lead effective and consistent customer Business Reviews based on the defined business goals of the customer</li>
<li>Flag and proactively mitigate risks within a book of business</li>
<li>Drive the renewal conversations to close with Contentful’s largest and most strategic logos.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Confidently negotiate pricing and contract terms with procurement teams in the Fortune top 20.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Close renewals on time and forecast them accurately to leadership weekly</li>
<li>Create and drive customer close plans for renewal</li>
<li>Translate customer insights into actionable feedback for our product and go-to-market teams and follows up on progress and collaboration with PMs</li>
<li>Prepare to travel ~25% annually for customer onsite meetings&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>College / University Degree is highly preferred</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in a customer-facing role with renewals experience; Renewals Management, Customer Success Management, or Key Account Management experience.</li>
<li>Excellent oral and written communication skills in English, as well as in either French or Italian</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in meeting or exceeding sales or performance goals</li>
<li>Ability to think strategically about a customer’s goals and drive renewal and expansion opportunities to close independently&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent oral and written communication skills: shows excellence in previous customer and internal engagements</li>
<li>Collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, including sales, product, and support</li>
<li>Ability to understand Contentful APIs, as well as the modern content management and digital experience stack. Independently uses Contentful data tools to engage in meaningful, proactive customer discussions and in some instances, crafts custom queries and reports (in data tools).</li>
<li>Well-developed attention to detail and organization skills ie: follow processes, updating the relevant systems diligently, and make suggestions on improvements where required</li>
<li>Technical proficiency and a keen interest in technology. Ability to communicate high-level technical concepts to customers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrate a commitment to prioritizing customer success and aligning it with company goals</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share in the success of our company</li>
<li>Fertility and family building benefits, including a lifetime reimbursable wallet to support your growing family.</li>
<li>We value<strong> Work-Life balance </strong>and<strong> You Time</strong>!<strong> </strong>A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, sick days,&nbsp; education days, compassion days for loss, and volunteer days</li>
<li>Time off to care for and focus on your growing family&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use your personal annual education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health</li>
<li>A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement.</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>