<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who We Are:</strong></p>
<p>Alpaca is a US-headquartered self-clearing broker-dealer and brokerage infrastructure for stocks, ETFs, options, crypto, fixed income, 24/5 trading, and more. Our&nbsp;<a href="https://alpaca.markets/blog/alpaca-raises-150-million-at-a-1-15b-valuation-to-build-the-global-standard-for-brokerage-infrastructure/">recent Series D funding round</a> brought our total investment to over $320 million, fueling our ambitious vision.</p>
<p>Amongst our subsidiaries, Alpaca is a licensed financial services company, serving hundreds of financial institutions across 40 countries with our institutional-grade APIs. This includes broker-dealers, investment advisors, wealth managers, hedge funds, and crypto exchanges, totalling over 9 million brokerage accounts.</p>
<p>Our global team is a diverse group of experienced engineers, traders, and brokerage professionals who are working to achieve our mission of&nbsp;<strong>opening financial services to everyone on the planet</strong>. We're deeply committed to open-source contributions and fostering a vibrant community, continuously enhancing our award-winning, developer-friendly API and the robust infrastructure behind it.</p>
<p>Alpaca is proudly backed by top-tier global investors, including Portage Ventures, Spark Capital, Tribe Capital, Social Leverage, Horizons Ventures, Unbound, SBI Group, Derayah Financial, Elefund, and Y Combinator.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Team Members:</strong></p>
<p>We're a dynamic team of 230+ globally distributed members who thrive working from our favorite places around the world, with teammates spanning the USA, Canada, Japan, Hungary, Nigeria, Brazil, the UK, and beyond!<br><br>We're searching for passionate individuals eager to contribute to Alpaca's rapid growth. If you align with our core values—Stay Curious, Have Empathy, and Be Accountable—and are ready to make a significant impact, we encourage you to apply.</p></div><h3><strong>Your Role</strong></h3>
<p>As a senior software engineer, you will help build and scale the systems and services that form the foundation of Alpaca and empower millions of users that are trading&nbsp; billions of dollars worth of assets daily .</p>
<p>The payments team is responsible for building and maintaining a modern global payments and treasury platform. Operating in an industry in which money movement is a critical component, we adopt a modern technology focused approach with highly scalable, event-driven systems. Resilient engineering, technical and operational scalability, and system integrity are crucial to our success.</p>
<p>We have ambitious plans to build a seamlessly integrated comprehensive treasury platform into an industry leading end-to-end financial infrastructure on a global scale. Alpaca has and will continue to prove ourselves as an innovative market leader and this team is a core component of our growth across global markets and asset classes.</p>
<p>We are looking for senior engineers who are keen on providing quality solutions, have great&nbsp;fundamentals, proven experience building and architecting at scale, and not afraid of challenging conventions or voicing their opinions. In this role, you will have the autonomy to design and implement solutions to achieve defined goals while actively participating in defining those goals.</p>
<p>An understanding of cloud-based modern architecture, infrastructure, and orchestration practices are also great assets we actively look for.</p>
<h3><strong>Who You Are (Must-Haves):</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills paired with a proactive mindset</li>
<li>Excellent communication and collaboration skills</li>
<li>The ability to work independently and as part of a team</li>
<li>A preference for simple and elegant solutions</li>
<li>At least 3 years of experience working on systems at scale</li>
<li>Proven experience in building and maintaining microservices</li>
<li>Experience with client facing APIs</li>
<li>Strong coding skills, preferably in Go</li>
<li>Ability to write clean, well tested, and maintainable code</li>
<li>Experience with domain driven design and event driven design</li>
<li>Ability to debug issues or better yet, foresee problems and avoid them entirely</li>
<li>Familiarity with containerization and orchestration technologies, especially Kubernetes</li>
<li>Experience with cloud platforms, preferably Google Cloud Platform</li>
<li>Experience with messaging queues and message brokers</li>
<li>Experience with relational databases, preferably PostgreSQL</li>
<li>Experience with distributed systems design</li>
<li>Previous experience with or understanding of payment rails and the payment lifecycle</li>
<li>Experience with double entry accounting and financial ledgers</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who You Might Be (Nice-to-Haves):g</strong><span style="font-size: 14px;">Previous experience in the financial industry or knowledge of payments initiations</span></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with financial reconciliation systems</li>
<li>Experience with or understanding of ISO20022 financial standard</li>
<li>Experience working remotely</li>
<li>Experience working at a startup, exchange, brokerage, market maker, or hedge fund</li>
<li>DevOps mindset is an asset</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>How We Take Care of You:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive Salary &amp; Stock Options</span></li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Health Benefits</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">New Hire Home-Office Setup: One-time USD $500</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Monthly Stipend: USD $150 per month via a Brex Card</span></li>
</ul>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Alpaca is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.<br></span></em></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;"><a href="https://files.alpaca.markets/disclosures/AlpacaRecruitmentPrivacyPolicy.pdf"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recruitment Privacy Policy</span></em></a></span></p></div>