<h1>Visual Designer</h1>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring Visual Designers for Brand and Design Systems, to join our mission to turn complex, open-source software into efficient, intuitive products that can change how complex systems are built and conceptions of what open source is capable of. We are looking for exceptional designers, who share our passion for impacting the lives of millions of engineers, enterprises, entrepreneurs and consumers every day. These roles sit in our central Design team, who help and learn from each other while working closely with colleagues throughout the organization.</p>
<p>Location: <em>This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.</em></p>
<h2><strong>The role entails</strong></h2>
<p>With a diverse team of design colleagues, you will work on a variety of projects evolving our brand guidelines and applying them to communications materials, our UI design system, and graphic design for digital products.</p>
<p>Clear, stylish presentation that aids the user experience of our products is how we raise the bar and reach the widest audience. Real content and information will be at the core of the designs you produce. You know the ins and outs of design and quality heuristics, and you care deeply about usability, accessibility and web standards. You should have agency, company or freelance design experience.</p>
<h2><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in a technical subject or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>Confidence to respectfully speak up, exchange feedback, and share ideas without hesitation</li>
<li>Track record of going above-and-beyond expectations to achieve outstanding results</li>
<li>&nbsp;Leadership and commitment to skills development and mentorship</li>
<li>Passion for technology evidenced by personal projects and initiatives</li>
<li>The work ethic and confidence to shine alongside motivated colleagues</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability</li>
<li>Appreciative of diversity, polite and effective in a multi-cultural, multi-national organisation</li>
<li>Thoughtfulness and self-motivation</li>
<li>Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year, for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>