<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><h4><strong>Your Opportunity</strong></h4>
<p>Are you looking to take the next step in your sales career? Join New Relic, a leader in observability and application performance monitoring, where you can transition from an inbound-focused role to a key player on our outbound-driven Business Development team. You'll be a key part of our go-to-market strategy, joining a high-energy team that's at the forefront of building our pipeline. We're looking for individuals who are passionate about sales and keen to develop their expertise in an outbound-focused role.</p>
<p>You'll be supported by personalised coaching, world-class tools, and significant opportunities for career growth. At New Relic, hard work is celebrated, teamwork is a core value, and every success is shared. This is a chance to build a lasting sales career with a company that believes in investing in its people.</p>
<h4><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><strong>Generate new business</strong>: Create new opportunities through outbound cold calling, personalised email outreach, and social selling.</li>
<li><strong>Qualify leads</strong>: Understand customer needs and align them with New Relic's solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate</strong>: Partner with Account Executives to research target accounts and create tailored outreach strategies.</li>
<li><strong>Manage pipeline</strong>: Maintain consistent communication to nurture early-stage opportunities and grow your prospect pipeline.</li>
<li><strong>Exceed metrics</strong>: Meet daily, weekly, and monthly targets for qualified meetings and pipeline contribution.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>This Role Requires</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><strong>German or French language skills</strong>: Fluency in both written and spoken <strong>German OR French </strong>is essential for this role, in addition to English.</li>
<li><strong>Sales experience</strong>: Proven experience in a prospecting role, with a strong emphasis on your potential to succeed in an outbound environment.</li>
<li><strong>A collaborative approach</strong>: The ability to work closely with colleagues and stakeholders.</li>
<li><strong>Communication skills</strong>: Excellent written and verbal communication to engage with prospects at all levels.</li>
<li><strong>Drive</strong>: The ability to thrive in a fast-paced, goal-oriented environment with a resilient attitude and determination to succeed.</li>
<li><strong>Critical thinking</strong>: The ability to analyse customer needs and tailor your messaging effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Cold calling</strong>: A willingness to make daily outbound cold calls as a primary function of your role.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Bonus Points</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience in SaaS or technology sales.</li>
<li>Familiarity with CRM and sales engagement tools, such as Salesforce, LinkedIn, 6sense, and sequencing tools.</li>
<li>A track record of success in creating and managing outbound prospecting campaigns.</li>
<li>A customer-focused mindset with an interest in understanding technical solutions.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;">#LI-Hybrid #LI-JJ2</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>