<div class="content-intro"><p>At Algolia, we’re proud to be a pioneer and market leader in AI Search, empowering 17,000+ businesses to deliver blazing-fast, predictive search and browse experiences at internet scale. Every week, we power over 30 billion search requests — four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex, and DuckDuckGo combined.</p>
<p>In 2021, we raised $150 million in Series D funding, quadrupling our valuation to $2.25 billion. This strong foundation enables us to keep investing in our market-leading platform and serving incredible customers like Under Armour, PetSmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens.</p></div><p>Algolia is set to enable every company to create world-class Search and Discovery experiences with an API-first approach. Performance and Scalability is at the heart of our mission: we power 1.5 trillion searches a year, for 10K+ customers all over the world.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you're a problem solver, able to think outside the box and eager to nurture others and learn from them, then this is your challenge!</p>
<h3><strong>The Team</strong></h3>
<p>The Fleet team is a Site Reliability Engineering team focusing on one goal: the Search products should always be available. To make this possible, the Fleet team creates pragmatic solutions to optimize the Search products availability and costs at scale, taking into account the needs of customers, the product teams, and the many engineering teams involved in delivering a unique Search Experience to our customers.</p>
<h3><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h3>
<p>The team is looking for an individual who has a first experience of building and operating scalable architectures. You will contribute to the delivery of solutions that support other engineering teams and will have a direct impact on the success of Algolia's Search products.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In this role, you'll help design and implement systems focused on reliability, scalability, and cost efficiency, while also having opportunities to grow your skills and collaborate with team members.</p>
<p><strong>Your role will include</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Operating the Search products, building self-healing and automated incident response mechanisms</li>
<li>Building components that improve reliability and performance</li>
<li>Monitoring and computing the SLO and the error budget of the product you operate</li>
<li>Reducing the toil and the technical debt by automating tasks and increasing the quality of existing components</li>
<li>Managing Incidents and Customer Requests</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You might be a good fit if you have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5 years experience in a scalable environment</li>
<li>Knowledge of at least one programming language (Python, Golang, Ruby) and you are familiar with software craftsmanship</li>
<li>Experience working with APIs</li>
<li>A focus on designing reliable, operable, and highly available applications</li>
<li>Familiarity with at least Public Cloud Providers like GCP, AWS, or Microsoft Azure, and their Kubernetes service</li>
<li>A good understanding of Linux system administration, networking, and troubleshooting</li>
<li>Strong communication and organizational skills</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Team’s current stack:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Programming languages: Golang, Python, Ruby</li>
<li>CI/CD:Github Actions, CircleCI</li>
<li>IaC &amp; configuration management:Terraform, Chef</li>
<li>Platform: Linux, Kubernetes</li>
<li>Hosting: Bare Metal Servers &amp; Cloud on AWS &amp; Azure</li>
<li>Monitoring: Datadog &amp; custom monitoring stack for our Search infrastructure</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>FLEXIBLE WORKPLACE STRATEGY:</strong></p>
<p>Algolia’s flexible workplace model is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individual’s impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and many of our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have a global presence with offices in Paris, NYC, London, Sydney and Bucharest, however we also offer many of our team members the option to work remotely either as fully remote or hybrid-remote employees.<strong> Positions listed as "Remote" are only available for remote work within the specified country. Positions listed within a specific city are only available in that location - depending on the role it may be available with either a hybrid-remote or in-office schedule.</strong></p>
<p><strong>WE’RE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>GRIT</strong> - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.</li>
<li><strong>TRUST </strong>- Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.</li>
<li><strong>CANDOR</strong> - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.</li>
<li><strong>CARE</strong> - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.</li>
<li><strong>HUMILITY</strong> - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.</li>
</ul>
<p>We’re looking for talented, passionate people to help build the world’s best search and discovery technology. We value autonomy, diversity, and collaboration. We’re committed to creating an inclusive workplace where everyone is respected and supported—regardless of race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability, or socioeconomic background.</p>
<p><strong>IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR CANDIDATES - Recruitment Fraud Notice</strong></p>
<p>We’ve recently seen an increase in recruitment scams targeting job seekers. To help protect yourself, please keep the following in mind:</p>
<ul>
<li>Our open positions may appear on third-party job boards, but the <strong>best way to apply safely</strong> is directly through our <strong>careers page</strong>.</li>
<li>All genuine communication from Algolia will come from an <strong>@algolia.com</strong> email address. If you receive an email from someone claiming to work at Algolia who does not have an @algolia.com email address, please do not respond or share any personal information.</li>
<li>We’ll <strong>never ask for payments, purchases, or financial details</strong> during the hiring process.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>READY TO APPLY?</strong></p>
<p>If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the world’s best search &amp; discovery technology, we’d love to review your application!</p></div>