<p>At Datadog, Office Operations run the day-to-day operations for Datadog and help to keep our employees safe, happy and productive, which means every day is different. &nbsp;Office Operations work closely with leadership and employees to ensure that Datadog keeps scaling smoothly and remains a great place to work.</p>
<p>As the Front Desk Associate at Datadog, you’ll be responsible for managing the front desk guest experience.&nbsp; You’ll assist with various vendor, event or product research efforts and will be a general go-to for the Dublin Datadog office questions for both visitors and employees alike.&nbsp; We are looking for a high-energy, “get it done” person who wants to learn and grow with the company as we rapidly expand.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be a Brand Ambassador for the office, leaving employees, visitors and potential candidates with a positive impression of Datadog</li>
<li>Own the reception area and set it up for success</li>
<li>Be the main contact with our building management’s security partner in order to manage, coordinate and centralize all our badging requests&nbsp;</li>
<li>Coordinate certificate of insurance requirements with vendors&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create and distribute Datadog staff ID badges</li>
<li>Play a key role in planning and executing monthly Datadog social events</li>
<li>Research options for Datadog projects and events</li>
<li>Work closely on maintaining a great relationship with our existing vendors and source new vendors for various requirements</li>
<li>Audit and order office supplies/Manage shipping and receiving</li>
<li>Provide exceptional customer service for all staff requests</li>
<li>Manage overall aesthetic and cleanliness of reception area and mailroom</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Must have 1-3 years administrative / office&nbsp; experience, with excellent verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Able to provide high-quality customer service</li>
<li>Must have a friendly and positive demeanor</li>
<li>Be adaptable to quick changes and growth</li>
<li>Quick problem-solving skills, and the ability to stay calm under pressure</li>
<li>Accuracy and attention to detail</li>
<li>Willing to work occasional overtime</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Generous and competitive benefits package</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Continuous career development and pathing opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Product training to develop an in-depth understanding of our product and space</li>
<li>Best in breed onboarding</li>
<li>Internal mentor and buddy program cross-departmentally</li>
<li>Friendly and inclusive workplace culture</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>