<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><p><strong>Our opportunity:</strong><br><br>As the Director of Billing and Collections, you’ll be responsible for overseeing and managing the billing and collections teams. You’ll ensure efficient billing operations and collections processes. You’ll develop and maintain billing policies and procedures that ensure timely and accurate invoicing to customers, while also maintaining positive customer relations. You’ll manage a team of billing specialists and collections staff, providing leadership, guidance, and training as needed. You’ll lead process transformations to improve efficiencies.<br><br><strong>What you'll do:</strong><br><br>Develop and implement billing and collections strategies to improve efficiency and effectiveness.<br>Oversee the daily operations of the billing and collections department.<br>Monitor billing processes to ensure accuracy and compliance with company policies and procedures.<br>Oversee the preparation and distribution of invoices and statements to customers.<br>Coordinate with other departments, such as Deal desk, Order Management, Finance Engineering, Customer service and Sales, to resolve billing issues and discrepancies.<br>Develop and maintain relationships with key customers to facilitate the billing and collections process.<br>Analyze billing and collections data to identify trends and recommend improvements.<br>Prepare regular reports and presentations on billing and collections metrics for senior management.<br>Hire, train, and supervise billing and collections staff.<br>Conduct performance evaluations and provide feedback to billing and collections team members.<br><br><strong>This role requires:</strong><br><br>Bachelor’s degree in a related field; Master’s degree preferred.<br>Minimum of 10 years of experience in billing and collections management, must have Leadership experience.<br>Strong knowledge of billing and collections procedures and best practices.<br>Experience with billing software and ERP systems (e.g., SAP, Oracle, Zuora, Billing Platform, SFDC, Netsuite, Workday etc)<br>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.<br>Strong leadership and management skills with the ability to motivate and develop a team.<br>Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills.<br>Ability to work across multiple timezones to support global customer presence.<br>Detail-oriented with a high level of accuracy.<br><br><strong>Bonus points if you have:</strong></p>
<p>Worked in SaaS production companies in the past, that have subscription model billing<br>Consumption / usage model billing experience is a plus<br>Collections experience across all global regions</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>