<p>Our Channels &amp; Alliances Team’s charter builds and activates a strategic, differentiated and high-impact partner ecosystem driving client adoption of Datadog’s market-leading cloud security and observability platform. As the Head of Channels &amp; Alliances, Korea, you and your team will drive incremental pipeline and revenue for Datadog by building and scaling a highly capable partner community. In this role, you and your team will recruit, develop, and scale Datadog Sales &amp; Services partners including system integrators, managed service providers, and resellers. You and your team will also be responsible for further developing Datadog’s strategic technology and cloud partnerships with companies such as AWS, GCP, and Microsoft.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a high-visibility role, part of Datadog Korea’s senior leadership, and reporting to the APAC Head of Channels &amp; Alliances. Growing pipeline, revenue and go-to-market capability will require tight cross-functional collaboration with marketing, sales, engineering, field enablement, product, sales ops, and legal to build, manage, and scale the Datadog Partner business in the region.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds, and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Hire, develop, and manage a high-performing team by recognizing exceptional talent and coaching them for success in their role</li>
<li>Identify and recruit new companies into the Datadog Partner Network in Korea to drive incremental revenue and deliver successful outcomes for end customers</li>
<li>Accelerate existing Datadog Partners’ business through focussed Pipeline Generation,&nbsp; business and technical enablement programs and successfully execute go-to-market activities</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Datadog’s regional Enterprise and Commercial sales organizations as well as regional marketing and customer success teams to drive incremental revenue for the region.</li>
<li>Serve as executive regional sponsor for key partnerships including top channel partners and AWS, GCP, and Microsoft Azure.</li>
<li>Own Channels &amp; Alliances regional metrics and reporting to Datadog leadership.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in leadership including hiring and developing sales and partner personnel</li>
<li>10+ years of experience in business development, strategic alliances, or channel sales at a cloud services or SaaS organization</li>
<li>Confident in recruiting and building successful partnerships, including with multi-national and global organizations.</li>
<li>Able to quickly understand technical concepts and architectural scenarios, and explain them to others verbally and in writing</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including interacting with and presenting to senior leadership, externally and internally.</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High income earning opportunities based on self performance</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSU) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing&nbsp;</li>
<li>Sales training in MEDDIC and Command of the Message&nbsp;</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking&nbsp;</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, opportunity to join our Community Guilds</li>
<li>Generous global benefits</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>