<div class="article-container tmpl">
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3>The Specs!</h3>
<p>We are excited to be looking for an Accounting Manager to oversee our accounting department.</p>
<h3>What does an accounting manager do?</h3>
<p>The Accounting Manager will report to the Director of Accounting and be responsible for leading staff in month end close, GAAP compliance, fixed asset/depreciation accounting, software accounting, reconciliations, work-in-progress accounting, driving process improvements, and internal controls.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Management of an operational accounting team.</li>
<li>Independent participation in the monthly, quarterly, and annual financial statements of the respective company with all necessary individual tasks (Variance analysis on actuals, Assisting with month-end close, and Review results).</li>
<li>Work alongside FP&amp;A and finance &amp; accounting management to deliver relevant and timely reporting of financial data analytics like the monthly flash report, key financial metrics, and actual spend against budgets/outlook</li>
<li>Independent examination of complex business relationships and issues as part of a consulting function.</li>
<li>Initiating and participating in the optimization of financial processes.</li>
<li>Application of methods and instruments of financial and investment planning and preparation of planning calculations.</li>
<li>Ensuring effective communication with internal and external interfaces and partners.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's in Accounting (Master's preferred) •</li>
<li>CPA designation (required) •</li>
<li>5-7 years of progressive career experience •</li>
<li>Public accounting experience preferred •</li>
<li>Experience working in large companies (or with large company clients) •&nbsp;</li>
<li>3+ years prior experience managing accounting staff •</li>
<li>A thorough understanding of fixed asset accounting •</li>
<li>Strong systems acumen</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$100,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$120,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>NAME is committed to the recruitment, employment, and promotion of all candidates equally, regardless of an individual's gender, race, color, national origin, ancestry, age, religion, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military or veteran status, genetic information, physical or mental disability (except where such disability is a bona fide occupational disqualification) or any other classification protected under federal, state or local law</p></div>