We’re a team of 500+ professionals who develop cutting-edge web data gathering solutions for thousands of the world’s best known businesses, including Fortune 500 companies.

**What’s in store for you:**

You’ll be solving challenges for top-tier clients and collaborating with industry professionals. We’ll fuel your professional growth with vast internal and external learning resources and an environment of teaming up and knowledge sharing.

Opportunity to work with a small cross-functional team on dashboard and web with a lot of freedom to suggest new ways of working or new design principles. Flat structure makes it easy to try new things and get approvals. Good opportunity to shape how our website, dashboard and brand should look. Using the newest technologies and tools to make our job easier.

To make the recruitment process faster when applying please include link to the portfolio of your works, thanks!

## Your day-to-day:

- Create and design web and dash product that will be used by B2B clients.
- Produce prototypes and test functionality.
- Improve the design of existing products.
- Conduct user research to understand the target audience, their needs, and pain points.
- Continuously work on product solutions and improve user experience based on market trends.
- Create user flows to map out the paths users take to complete tasks.
- Drive overall vision for website and dashboard improvements.

## Your skills & experience:

- Relevant work experience as a product designer (UX/UI).
- Solid understanding of the design process, from discovery to delivery.
- Show a deep understanding of UX design, composition, semiotics, typography and layout principles.
- Knowledge and extensive practice of current digital design trends and conventions.
- Can build prototypes to communicate ideas (Figma, Framer, Loveable, Vercel, etc…).
- Ability to explain design concepts and reasoning to others.

Nice to have:

- Experience in collecting and analyzing user feedback and doing research projects.
- Experience with CMS tools like Storyblok, Webflow, Framer.

## Salary:

- **Gross salary:** 3100-5000 EUR/month. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competences.

To support your professional growth and make you feel taken care of, we’ve put together an expansive benefit package. It covers learning, well-being, celebration, and much more — learn all about it [here.](https://career.oxylabs.io/blog/our-work-benefits/)

**Up for the challenge? Let’s talk!**