**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

We are seeking a dynamic individual to join our team as a senior Client Partner Manager. The Client Partner Manager will play a crucial role in driving revenue growth and building long-term relationships with key advertising clients and agencies. You will collaborate closely with internal stakeholders across sales, marketing, and product

teams to deliver innovative advertising solutions that meet the needs of our clients while maximizing revenue opportunities for Google.

## What you'll be doing:

- Own and be accountable for quarterly + yearly revenue goals, pipeline management and growth goals.
- Develop and maintain excellent relationships with our key media agencies, allowing us to better understand their businesses and position Spotify as an invaluable partner in overcoming their strategic challenges
- Work across multiple agency departments, i.e. buying, strategy, comms planning, video, digital, branded content, and innovation teams to deliver successful campaigns.
- Develop, implement and refine comprehensive sales strategies, tailored to specific vertical and industry segments (e.g. Travel, Bank; Financial Institution, FMCG, Food & Beverages, Tech &amp; Telco etc)
- Understand clients; business objectives, challenges, and opportunities to build strategic advertising responses that align with client goals and core objectives
- Focus on consultative brand selling, creating tailored responses to briefs while educating and inspiring our clients to use Google to deliver on business objectives.
- Understanding of Google products &amp; AI powered solutions - demand Gen, AI max for search, Pmax etc.
- Demonstrate Google’s platform effectiveness through measurement solutions like BLS, CLS, MMM etc.
- Deliver best in class sales and operational customer service and serve as the point of contact for agency and client-led initiatives.
- Conduct regular learning sessions for clients and agencies on Google advertising products, capabilities, and audience insights.
- Represent Google at local events and act as a brand ambassador, communicating our core narratives and reinforcing the strong position Google holds in the marketplace.

## What you'll need:

- A minimum of 10+ years experience in advertising sales, business development or client facing roles within the digital media industry
- You have a deep understanding of the digital advertising ecosystem like display, video and App marketing.
- Proven track record of successfully managing client relationships, driving revenue growth, and exceeding sales targets.
- Experience with self-serve advertising platforms.
- You hold strong relationships across the digital community and are able to raise the profile of Google amongst key digital teams and partners
- Strong negotiation skills and the ability to present effectively and close the deal.
- Vertical/Platforms experience is preferred.
- You have dexterity in creating reports and presentations using Google Slides/ Sheets and proficient Salesforce experience.
- Highly organised, collaborative team player who adapts well to change.
- You are self motivated, have a positive attitude with a can-do mindset.
- Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
- Advanced English proficiency.

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH