<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h3><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>What Is The Role&nbsp;</strong></span></h3>
<p style="text-align: justify;">We're looking for a <strong>Principal Software Engineer I or II&nbsp;</strong>to join the <strong>Elasticsearch - Storage Engine</strong> team. This globally-distributed, completely remote team of senior engineers is responsible for delivering the latest innovations in logs and metrics management. This role includes providing technical vision and direction for building solutions that provide optimized storage and efficient data querying and indexing. This role requires related past technical experience in addition to the ability to work cross-organization.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Our company is distributed by intention. We hire the best developers we can find wherever they are, whoever they are. We collaborate across continents every day over email, GitHub, Zoom, and Slack. At our best, we write fast, scalable and intuitive software. We believe that the best way to do that is to empower individual engineers, code review every change, decide big things by consensus, and strive for incremental improvements.</p>
<h3><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>What You Will Be Doing&nbsp;</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Lead cross organizational initiatives to produce an industry-leading Timeseries solution offering.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Contribute to Elasticsearch full time, building data intensive new features and fixing intriguing bugs, all while making the code easier to understand. Sometimes you’ll need to implement a data structure or algorithm in the code base. And there will be times when you'll need to get close to the operating system and hardware.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Work with a globally distributed team of experienced engineers focused on the logs and metrics capabilities of Elasticsearch.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Be an expert in several areas of Elasticsearch and everyone will turn to you when they have a question about them. You'll improve those areas based on your questions and your instincts.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Work with community members from all over the world on issues and pull requests, sometimes triaging them and handing them off to other experts and sometimes handling them yourself.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Write idiomatic modern Java -- Elasticsearch is 99.8% Java!</li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>What You Bring&nbsp;</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You have implemented novel techniques to efficiently index, store and query Timeseries data.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You have strong technical leadership skills, work with a high level of autonomy, and are able to take on projects and guide them from beginning to end. This covers both technical design and working with other engineers to develop needed components.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You have strong skills in core Java and are conversant in the standard library of data structures and concurrency constructs, as well as newer features like lambdas.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You have a strong desire to optimize and make use of the most efficient data structures and algorithms.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You're comfortable developing collaboratively. Giving and receiving feedback on code and approaches and APIs is hard! Bonus points if you've collaborated over the internet because that's harder. Double bonus points for asynchronous collaboration over the internet. That's even harder but we do it anyway because it's the best way we know how to build software.&nbsp;</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You've used several data storage technologies like Elasticsearch, Solr, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, or Cassandra and have some idea how they work and why they work that way.&nbsp;</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Like we said, collaborating on the internet is hard. We try to be respectful, empathetic, and trusting in all of our interactions. And we'd expect that from you too.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Bonus Points&nbsp;</span></strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You've built things with Elasticsearch before.</li>
<li>You've worked with open source projects and are familiar with different styles of source control workflow and continuous integration.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>