Contentsquare is the all-in-one experience intelligence platform designed to be easily used by anyone who cares about digital journeys. With our flexible and scalable platform, organizations quickly get a deep understanding of their customers’ whole online journey.

We are a global leader in the experience analytics space, with a growing presence across 15 offices worldwide. We’re here to stay—and we’re looking for team members who are excited to drive impact and help us scale even further.

Our aim is to create an inclusive workplace where everyone learns and succeeds. Contentsquare has built a community of individuals who are daring, understanding, and deliberate. We invite you to join us in making the complex simpler—for our customers, their customers, and each other.

*Important note: Be careful of scammers pretending to be from Contentsquare. We will never ask for money or contact you through random texts. Any communication from our in house Talent Acquisition team will only ever come from our [contentsquare.com](http://contentsquare.com) or @contentsquare-ext.com domain. For more information, visit our careers blog.*

**The Role**

We’re looking for an ambitious and eager-to-learn marketer to join our friendly team in our Singapore office.

This is a unique opportunity where you’ll be planning and executing on a variety of marketing campaigns across the Asian markets (Singapore, Indonesia, Philippines, India, Hong Kong). From owning the (hugely successful) direct mail campaigns to assisting with email campaign building and analysis.

You’ll work with an awesome, creative, talented team who you can learn from. You’ll have lots of channel experience (direct mail, events, email, paid) to give you a well-rounded experience. And, once you’re ready, you’ll have autonomy to make the role your own.

## Key Responsibilities:

The role will include the following responsibilities. If you don’t have experience in one or two areas, that’s absolutely fine, as long as you’re eager to learn and confident getting stuck in:

- Direct Mail campaign management - You will own the execution of direct mails, including budgeting, planning, campaign build, analysis, and working closely with sales teams on target accounts.
- Contributing towards the end-to-end of the global campaign process including email marketing, and effective follow-up and nurturing campaigns.
- Assisting with the management and execution of our internal & external events strategy.Using CRM systems such as Salesforce, Marketo, and Hubspot to assist with campaign asset building, such as landing pages, email marketing cadences, email list segmentation, and campaign analysis.
- Working closely with the sales team to assist with the ABM (Account-Based Marketing) implementation.
- Working closely with all cross-functional teams (Sales, SDR, Partners & Customer Success) to successfully deliver marketing campaigns that contribute to our pipeline goals.

## Worth knowing:

As well as the opportunity to have a tangible impact on the success of the APAC business, here’s what else we offer:

- A creative and collaborative marketing team
- A social office with regular events such as cookie baking classes, yoga classes, and bike tours in Pulau Ubin.
- Plenty of opportunities for training and personal development
- Free lunch once a week in the office

## About you:

- Able to commit 3 days per week for a period of 6 months
- Strong willingness to learn and a proactive attitude
- Strong copywriting skills and experience in delivering compelling supporting collateral
- Exceptional project management skills in a fast-paced environment
- Enjoys working in a dynamic start-up culture, contributing new and creative ideas

**Why you should join Contentsquare**

We invest in our people through career development, mentorship, social events, philanthropic activities, and competitive benefits. We are always assessing the perks we offer to ensure we’re aligned with the employees' needs.

Here are a few we want to highlight:

- Virtual onboarding, Hackathon, and various opportunities to interact with your team and global colleagues both on and offsite each year

- Work flexibility: hybrid and remote work policies

- Generous paid time-off policy (every location is different)

- Lifestyle allowance

- A Culture Crew in every country we’re based in to coordinate regular activities for employees to get to know each other and bond outside of work

- Every full-time employee receives stock options, allowing them to share in the company’s success

- We have multiple Employee Resource Groups, that offer a safe space for individuals who share common identities, life experiences, or allyship to connect, support one another, and passionately advocate for the issues close to their hearts

- And more benefits tailored to each country

*Contentsquare is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.*

*Your personal data is used by Contentsquare for recruitment purposes only. Read our* [*Job Candidate Privacy Notice*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/) *to find out more about data protection at Contentsquare and your rights. You can exercise your rights by using our dedicated Data Subject Rights Portal* [*here*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/data-subject-request-portal/)*.*

*Your personal data will be securely stored in our hosting provider’s data center in Oregon (US west). We have implemented appropriate transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection laws.*

*Contentsquare may use AI-assisted tools to help review and screen applications. All decisions involving hiring are made by human reviewers, and your personal data will be processed in accordance with our*[*Candidate Privacy Policy*](https://contentsquare.com/fr-fr/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/)*.*