<p>As a Data Engineer, at Speechmatics, you’ll design and manage the data pipelines that power our state-of-the-art speech models. You'll be work at the intersection of infrastructure, engineering, and research to create large-scale, high-quality datasets efficiently. If you love solving complex technical problems and optimising systems for real-world AI applications, this is the role for you.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="41a1df22-105a-44e2-b1d7-44d70a432575" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="492" data-local-id="57635875-56da-4761-8d1f-a23d108712f8">Develop and maintain scalable web scraping solutions to extract data from multiple sources</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="586" data-local-id="c2cfe583-4cd9-4fd4-b8a5-bd4ebeeecf44">Design, implement and maintain scalable data pipelines for ingestion, transformation, and storage of large datasets for high-performance AI models.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="737" data-local-id="101b47f0-afe3-4834-8833-964158e5ef84">Ensure data quality and integrity through validation, cleaning, and normalisation processes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="833" data-local-id="2bf1dddc-9bbf-4c62-8370-d4ad25ffc61d">Manage data infrastructure, including databases, and cloud storage solutions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="914" data-local-id="a0e2daa1-0c04-466b-8162-52c427cb1c8b">Optimise performance of scraping scripts and pipelines for speed, reliability, and scalability.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1013" data-local-id="c009d772-bc23-4c55-b172-671aa0eb93bb">Monitor and troubleshoot data workflows reliability and efficiency.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1084" data-local-id="eec88a0e-da6b-470c-bd33-e11f25b3ddec">Identify new opportunities to source or generate relevant datasets.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1155" data-local-id="5e934aa5-9def-4932-90b5-a2a160e509e9">Stay compliant with data privacy and security regulations when handling sensitive or proprietary data.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1261" data-local-id="274abb81-8ff5-4474-bc3b-387ae1e0ebb0">Collaborate closely with our ML Engineers to shift the cost/throughput/quality frontier, delivering richer data at bigger scale and lower cost to power our next-generation models.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1444" data-local-id="4d6f14b9-9bd0-4000-8336-d4cc6af54328">Collaborate with others on the ML team and Speechmatics leadership to craft the roadmap for our data work to power excellency in voice AI.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who we are looking for:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="8f7a3aee-b5f1-446f-9996-d3059df0398a" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1620" data-local-id="a0bd3c10-37e7-4ca1-8459-17df18902d4c">Extensive industry experience in software/data engineering.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1685" data-local-id="edc6b148-dc09-4e5e-ad36-0ce0495f9c3f">Strong proficiency in Python and SQL.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1726" data-local-id="534565db-b819-43ef-9e16-2d5481c031c6">Hands-on experience with web scraping, crawlers and awareness of the latest web frameworks, and protocols to improve scraping efficiency</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1866" data-local-id="bc3871d4-25ea-49a5-8b05-0ebe38ca139b">Professional experience with a major cloud provider.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1922" data-local-id="15b53150-e0b6-4399-ae49-a9bc8323fb79">Knowledge of data pipelines, ETL (extract, transform, load) processes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1996" data-local-id="1e0a8876-8ace-4dbb-853b-26aa24825fb0">Exposure to data for machine learning.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2038" data-local-id="d9789424-659e-49fc-ae8e-fa1f1772b8ad">Familiarity with data compliance standards and privacy-preserving data methods.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2121" data-local-id="78fbc7c0-4e7b-40ca-8061-fbfb399e13b4">Experience with on-prem infrastructure.</p>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="ui-provider a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z ab ac ae af ag ah ai aj ak">We encourage you to apply even if you do not feel you match all of the requirements exactly. The list of requirements is intended to show the kinds of experience and qualities we’re looking for, but it is not exhaustive. If you are interested in the role, the team, and our mission, we would love to consider your application. We are always open to conversations and look forward to hearing from you.</span></em></p>
<p><strong>Who we are:</strong></p>
<p class="p1">Speechmatics is the leading expert in Speech Intelligence, and uses AI and Machine Learning to unlock business value in human speech worldwide. We work with an amazing mix of global companies, and our technology can integrate into our customers stack irrespective of their industry or use case – making it the go-to solution to harness useful information from speech.</p>
<p class="p1">Joining us means working with some of the smartest minds around the world, focused on cutting-edge projects and deploying the latest techniques to disrupt the market. We believe in putting people first; we’ll do all we can to help you develop your skills and give you the tools you need to thrive. Our Focus Fridays give you an undisturbed day of focus, offset with Together Tuesdays when we have our team meetings, so you've always got the right balance.</p>
<p class="p1">We have structured a hybrid approach that includes 2-3 designated office days each week. This arrangement ensures that while we embrace the advantages of remote work, we also maintain the vital connection and synergy that only in-person interactions can foster.</p>
<p class="p1">This is only the beginning; we’re looking for amazing people like you to continue our journey…</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>What we can offer you:<br></strong></p>
<p class="p1">No matter what stage of your career you’re at - from paid internships and first-job opportunities through to management and senior positions - we’ll support you with the training and development needed to reach your career aspirations with us. There really is no shortage of opportunities here for you to get involved and collaborate with those around you to deliver your best work.</p>
<p class="p1">We offer incredibly flexible working, regular company lunches, and birthday celebrations. But that’s not all. We’ve spoken to our teams to find out what they want. From Private Medical, and Dental for you and your family, through to global working opportunities, a generous holiday allowance and pension/401K matching, we want to make sure our employees and their families are looked after. Every employee will receive a working from home allowance for tech or home office equipment (on top of your choice of laptop and accessories of course). Our approach to parental leave is designed to support employees globally. While this varies by geo, we have support in place for parents (including adoption assistance and reproductive health services) to ensure they have the time and financial resources needed to care for their growing families.</p>
<p><strong>At Speechmatics, our mission is simple: Understand Every Voice out there.</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>That's not just about our tech – it's the heart and soul of who we are.&nbsp;We welcome different experiences, viewpoints, and identities. For us, it’s not just the right thing to do; it’s our catalyst for sparking innovation and creativity. Our teams thrive in an environment that celebrates and supports everyone – no matter their gender, identity or expression, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion, belief, marital status, national origin, veteran status, pregnancy, or maternity status.</p>
<p>But we don’t just open the door to diversity – we actively welcome it. Why? Because we believe every unique voice adds something special to our team, leading us to smarter solutions and a better workplace.</p>
<p><strong>So, come as you are and join our Speechling community.</strong> We’re building a place where every voice not only gets heard but is also respected and valued.</p>
<p>For more information on us<sub>,&nbsp;</sub>please visit&nbsp;<a href="https://www.speechmatics.com/">our website</a> and follow Speechmatics on our social channels via&nbsp;<a href="https://twitter.com/Speechmatics/">Twitter</a>, <a href="https://www.facebook.com/speechmatics/">Facebook</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/speechmatics/">LinkedIn</a>, and <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaZUN77-Wq0XQg5ICHLxKVw/">YouTube.</a></p>
<h5><strong><em>We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment.&nbsp;</em></strong></h5>
<h5><span style="color: #ffffff;"><strong>#LI-Hybrid</strong></span></h5></div>