<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>As a Treasury Manager within the Balance Sheet Management (BSM) team, we expect you to be a strategic lead—proposing capital structure optimizations, navigating complex regulatory landscapes, and ensuring our growth is matched by a sophisticated risk appetite. At Adyen, we are ‘automate-first,’ so you will be responsible for scaling our global Treasury operations through high-level data strategy and cross-functional leadership.</p>
<p>Moreover, you will take ownership of the financial risk framework that protects and optimizes Adyen’s balance sheet. You won’t just monitor metrics; you will design the strategies that steer our Liquidity, FX, and IRRBB profiles in a shifting global market.</p>
<p><strong>A typical day</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategize &amp; Steer:</strong> You lead the monthly Liquidity, Funding, Capital and Risk reviews, moving beyond reporting to provide executive-level proposals on how to optimize our position.</li>
<li><strong>Design the Economics:</strong> You own the evolution of our Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) framework and capital structures, ensuring our global financial products are priced for both competitiveness and sustainability.</li>
<li><strong>Data Insights Automation:</strong> You act as the product owner for Treasury data initiatives, partnering with engineering teams to build the next generation of real-time financial models and automated steering tools.</li>
<li><strong>Influence &amp; Network:</strong> You are a key advisor to the wider business. Whether it’s Product, Legal, or Finance, you translate balance sheet complexities into clear strategic guidance for Adyen’s leadership.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>An Seasoned Expert with a Growth Mindset: </strong>You have 5+ years of experience in ALM (Risk) or Balance Sheet Management within a complex financial institution or high-growth fintech.</li>
<li><strong>The Balance Sheet Architect: </strong>You have a mastery of how a balance sheet behaves. You don't just understand the interplay between liquidity, FX, and IR risk—you know how to leverage them to support a global expansion strategy.</li>
<li><strong>Decisive Leader:</strong> You possess the "ownership mindset" required to make high-impact decisions in a fast-paced environment. You are comfortable challenging the status quo to drive efficiency.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Translator: </strong>You can bridge the gap between deep treasury technicalities and high-level business goals. You enjoy turning granular data into a compelling narrative for stakeholders.</li>
<li><strong>A Proactive Problem Solver:</strong> You thrive in a dynamic, rapidly changing environment and enjoy solving unique challenges as a team.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>