<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Florida
    <br /><strong>URL:</strong> <a href="http://www.speechify.com">http://www.speechify.com</a>
</p>

<p><strong>Overview</strong></p>
<p>With the growth of our iOS app, being the #18 productivity app in the App Store category and also our recent recognition as Apple's 2025 Design Award for inclusivity, we find the need for a Senior iOS Engineer to help us support the new user base as well as work on new and exciting projects to push our missing forward. &nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a key role and ideal for someone who thinks strategically, enjoys fast-paced environments, passionate about making product decisions, and has experience building great user experiences that delight users.</p>
<p>We are a flat organization that allows anyone to become a leader by showing excellent technical skills and delivering results consistently and fast. Work ethic, solid communication skills, and obsession with winning are paramount.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our interview process involves several technical interviews and we aim to complete them within 1 week.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What Yo</strong><strong>u’</strong><strong>ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Opportunity to lead key engineering and product decisions</li>
<li>Actively shipping production code for the Speechify iOS app</li>
<li>Work within a dedicated product team</li>
<li>Participate in product discussions to shape the product roadmap</li>
<li>Maintain and enhance the existing complex app architecture</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>An Ideal Candidate Should Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience. You've worked on products that scaled to a large user base</li>
<li>Track record. You have worked on various products from inception to decent traction. You have been responsible for engineering the product</li>
<li>Customer obsession. We expect every team member whose responsibilities directly impact customers to be constantly obsessed about providing the best possible experience</li>
<li>Product thinking. You make thoughtful decisions about the evolution of your product and support internal teams and designers into taking the right direction</li>
<li>Speed. You work quickly to generate ideas and know how to decide which things can ship now and what things need time</li>
<li>Focus. We’re a high-growth startup with a busy, remote team. You know how and when to engage or be heads down</li>
<li>Technical skills. Swift, SwiftUI</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Technical Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Swift Programming Language</li>
<li>SwiftUI experience</li>
<li>Experience in Multithreading Programming</li>
<li>Working with CI/CD infrastructure</li>
<li>Experience with Fastlane</li>
<li>SOLID principles, the ability to write every single class according to SOLID</li>
<li>Experience with Git and understanding of different Git strategies</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A fast-growing environment where you can help shape the company and product</li>
<li>An entrepreneurial crew that supports risk, intuition, and hustle</li>
<li>The opportunity to make a big impact in a transformative industry</li>
<li>A competitive salary, a collegiate atmosphere, and a commitment to building a great asynchronous culture</li>
<li>Work on a product that millions of people use and where daily feedback includes users sharing that they cried when they first found the product because it was so impactful on their lives</li>
<li>Support people with learning differences like Dyslexia, ADD, Low Vision, Concussions, Autism, and Second Language Learners, and give reading superpowers to professionals all over the world</li>
<li>Work in one of the fastest growing sectors of tech: Intersection of Artificial Intelligence and Audio</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Think you’re a good fit for this job?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Tell us more about yourself and why you're interested in the role when you apply.<br>And don’t forget to include links to your portfolio and LinkedIn.</p>
<p><strong>Not looking but know someone who would make a great fit?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Refer them!&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Speechify is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Speechify does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/speechify-inc-software-engineer-ios-core-product">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/speechify-inc-software-engineer-ios-core-product</a></p>