<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Wolt is introducing an employment option in Finland, where deliveries on the platform are carried out both by independent contractors and employed couriers. Please</p>
<p><a href="https://press.wolt.com/fi-FI/255107-wolt-tarjoaa-yrittajamallin-rinnalla-laheteille-mahdollisuutta-myos-tyosuhteeseen-peraankuuluttaa-selkeampaa-lainsaadantoa-alustatyoho/"><em>read more here</em></a> about what this is all about.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are now kicking things off by hiring a team coordinator for Wolt Operations. Wolt Operations is an independent company operating Wolt’s courier employment model in Finland. You will play a pivotal role in bringing this new setup to life and building the foundation that will enable it. We are looking for experienced people with a can-do mindset to help us shape and run this work.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Building something new is both challenging and exciting. If you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this just might be the place for you. Working on this new initiative at Wolt Operations, you’ll probably learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged for sure, but you will also have a lot of fun on the way.</p>
<p>If you’re excited to build an entirely new way of working in Finland, to collaborate across cross-functional teams, and to bring this model to life, apply now.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for a dedicated and detail-oriented<strong> Team Coordinator </strong>to support and manage employed Delivery Couriers. This role focuses on onboarding, coaching, and supporting to ensure high standards of efficiency, compliance, and engagement across our operations.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Be Doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Team leadership, coach, and support</li>
<li>Onboarding</li>
<li>Performance development within the teamBuild a strong team culture rooted in accountability, growth, and shared successImplement team rituals (standups, retros, 1:1s) to support delivery and continuous improvement</li>
<li>Process improvement</li>
<li>Overseeing the performance of the Platform Employees and supporting them in meeting defined KPIs.</li>
<li>Occasional on-call duties only for critical situations. Rotational on-call duties are planned in advance and supported by clear guidelines and fair compensation.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What We’re Looking For</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Operational mindset, you think in systems</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Proficient in Google Sheets</li>
<li>Fluent in English; Finnish as a plus</li>
<li>Experience in training and people management</li>
<li>Strong skills in documentation</li>
<li>Ability to balance operational expectations with fairness, empathy, and sound judgment</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a fast-paced, high-volume environment.</li>
<li>Eligibility to work in Finland as an employee</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Why you’ll love working with us</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>The opportunity to build something completely new, with real impact on the future of platform work.</li>
<li>A collaborative, fast-moving, and international environment.</li>
<li>You’ll join a team that combines ambition with care — we get things done, but we also have fun doing it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>If this sounds like you, and you’re ready to help us shape the future of work in Finland and beyond, we’d love to hear from you!&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Apply below — we can’t wait to meet you.</strong></p>
<p><strong>The application deadline is 2026-05-15. </strong>However, we will be reviewing applications and inviting people to interviews on an ongoing basis, so we encourage sending your application ASAP.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Kindly note that we do not accept applications coming in via email due to GDPR. Please submit your application via our job portal. </strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>