<p>We’re looking for a Junior Software Engineer with some experience in software engineering. Whether you’d like to join a product team (web and desktop) or mobile (Android) we provide an extraordinary opportunity of growth thanks to our internal boot camps and mentorship programs.&nbsp; You will work with a world-class team of engineers on building software that is here to revolutionize the way we work. We are looking for big thinkers and innovators to take on the problem space and deliver elegant solutions.</p>
<p>This role is based in our <strong>Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule</strong>. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>Our employees in Poland are employed under a contract of employment.</strong></p>
<h4>What you’ll achieve</h4>
<ul>
<li>Produce high-quality design and code to build our features</li>
<li>Drive impactful projects from inception to completion within Asana, balancing engineering craftsmanship, execution, and stakeholder alignment</li>
<li>Utilize strong accountability, self-motivation, and collaborative skills to deliver results efficiently&nbsp;</li>
<li>Promote solid engineering and operational practices through code reviews and mentorship</li>
<li>Support design reviews, communicate constraints, and assist engineers in making informed trade-offs</li>
<li>Contribute to and strategize the future of our product</li>
</ul>
<h4>About you</h4>
<ul>
<li>Graduate of a Technical University in Computer Science or related fields, like Mathematics, Physics etc.</li>
<li>1+ years of experience in software engineering (either commercial or gained through internships)</li>
<li>Experience with relational and non-relational databases, familiarity with AWS</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills for collaborating with cross-functional partners (e.g. PM, design) and cross-timezone with partner teams</li>
<li>Sound autonomous judgment when balancing moving quickly with producing quality, long-term maintainable code</li>
<li>Demonstrated curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (and the option of&nbsp; 50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage in respect of&nbsp; applicable roles)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Meals reimbursement on the days that you work from the office</li>
<li>Career growth budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office setup budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness reimbursement</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a></li>
<li>Mental Health Support in Modern Health</li>
<li>Group life insurance</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
</ul>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 19 688 PLN - 23 400 PLN gross per month (subject to all taxes and necessary deductions) . The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #LI-AZ</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>