<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">As the Associate Director of Field Medical Operations &amp; Enablement you will be a cornerstone of the broader Scientific Medical Affairs (SMA) team. You will lead the operational infrastructure that allows our medical affairs team to function at peak efficiency. This role is a blend of high-level strategic program management and<br>hands-on execution—ranging from orchestrating global conferences and advisory boards to pioneering the use of AI-driven tools for medical insight propagation and creating content for KOL engagement.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">You will be the primary driver of the "how" behind our field medical strategy, ensuring our field teams are equipped, our processes are compliant, and our insights are integrated cross-functionally across Freenome.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the VP Field Medical, Advocacy, and Medical Affairs Operations. This role will be a Hybrid or Remote role.<br></span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strategic Operations &amp; Program Management<br></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Operational Excellence: Lead the end-to-end planning, execution and communication for medical conferences.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Advisory Board Management: Oversee the organization, logistics, content and execution of Advisory Boards, ensuring high-quality engagement with Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Publication Steering Committee (PSC) Management: Oversee the organization, logistics and execution of PSC meetings.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Contracting &amp; Vendor Management: Manage the contracting process for medical tools, software, and external advisors, ensuring seamless onboarding and compliance.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">SMA Program Leadership: Act as the lead program manager for Scientific Medical Affairs (SMA), maintaining organizational tools (ASANA), driving weekly meeting agendas, and ensuring project milestones are met.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Field Medical Enablement &amp; Content&nbsp;<br></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Material Development: Create and update field medical materials, including core MSL slide decks and clinical training content.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Medical Insights &amp; Competitive Intelligence: Ensure accurate capture and cross-functional communication of medical insights as well as competitive intelligence.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">MLR Process Management: Serve as the operational lead for the Medical, Legal, and Regulatory (MLR) review process for all field medical content, ensuring materials are vetted and approved for use.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Training &amp; Communication: Develop and deliver comprehensive training programs on Medical Affairs processes and tools to ensure team-wide proficiency and alignment.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Innovation &amp; Clinical Inquiry Support</span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">AI Integration: Lead the implementation of AI-driven solutions to capture, analyze, and propagate field medical insights cross-functionally, ensuring Freenome stays at the forefront of data-driven decision-making.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Clinical Inquiry Response: Manage and respond to complex clinical inquiries.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Commercial Synergy: Support commercial and sales training initiatives to ensure a unified and scientifically accurate voice across the organization.&nbsp;<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Advanced degree (PharmD, PhD, or MS) preferred; Bachelor’s degree in a scientific field required.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">7+ years in Medical Affairs - Field Medical Enablement and Strategic Operations.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">3+ years specifically in Medical Operations or Program Management within the molecular diagnostic industry.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">2+ years of experience in oncology.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proven experience implementing AI tools or advanced CRM/Data visualization platforms to manage medical insights. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Expert-level proficiency with project management software (e.g., ASANA, Smartsheet) and the ability to manage complex, multi-year timelines. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Deep understanding of the MLR/PRC review process and PhRMA/OIG compliance guidelines. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Exceptional ability to translate complex clinical data into digestible training materials and MSL resources.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in early cancer detection.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with liquid biopsy.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $170,000 - $241,500</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-REMOTE</span></em></span></p>