<h3><strong>🦄 About Flipdish</strong></h3>
<p>At Flipdish, we're proud to be an Irish unicorn (valued at over $1bn) on a mission to help independent restaurants <em>flippin' thrive</em> in a world transformed by technology. While Flipdish has grown rapidly, our focus has always remained on our customers and their needs. We're more than just an all-in-one technology ecosystem—we're a team deeply committed to supporting the people behind the food industry.</p>
<p>We go the extra mile to truly understand our customers (<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/posts/flipdish\_why-are-our-c-suite-rolling-up-their-sleeves-activity-7064280224821075968-s4xp/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=member\_desktop">even putting our C-suite to work on the frontlines</a>). With roots in the industry, we've worked in busy kitchens and managed thriving restaurant franchises.</p>
<p>At Flipdish, we give independent operators and chains the tools to compete, grow on their own terms, and fall back in love with what they do best.</p>
<h3><strong>About the Role</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for a <strong>Senior</strong> <strong>IT Specialist</strong> to act as the first point of contact for all IT and technical issues across Flipdish, supporting our team with everything from hardware troubleshooting to managing critical third-party platforms like Google Workspace, Slack, and Okta.</p>
<p>You will provide 1st and 2nd line support, ensure security compliance, and work closely with the IT team on both day-to-day operations and strategic projects. Strong customer service skills, a proactive mindset, and experience supporting both macOS and Windows environments are essential to thrive in this role.</p>
<p><strong>Our expectation…</strong></p>
<p>To challenge poor decisions and propose better ways of working.<br>Constructive challenge is a responsibility.<br>Prioritising harmony over truth or progress is a failure of responsibility.</p>
<h3><strong>In this job, you'll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Act as the first point of contact for all IT and technical issues within Flipdish, ranging from hardware problems to third-party account maintenance (Google Workspace, Slack, Freshservie etc.).</li>
<li>Work closely with the IT team on BAU issues and assist with a number of strategic projects.</li>
<li>Provide 1st/2nd line support to end users.</li>
<li>Support and troubleshoot MacBook and Windows hardware.</li>
<li>Manage SaaS platforms such as Google Workspace, Freshservice, Notion, and Slack.</li>
<li>Answer questions related to third-party tools and SaaS platforms.</li>
<li>Ensure security compliance across all staff (passwords, MFA, MDM enrollment).</li>
<li>Enforce critical and high-severity software updates.</li>
<li>Proactively perform patch management.</li>
<li>Handle onboarding and offboarding.</li>
<li>Manage IT assets (Phones and endpoints).</li>
<li>Perform basic network management.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We're looking for:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Excellent customer service skills with a "can-do" attitude.</li>
<li>A strong drive to assist others with their technical issues.</li>
<li>Experience supporting both Windows and macOS environments.</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving and intuitive troubleshooting skills.</li>
<li>A good understanding of cyber threats, phishing techniques, and mitigation approaches.</li>
<li>Experience working with third-party vendors.</li>
<li>Experience working in a remote IT team.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Desirable:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience managing large-scale organizations.</li>
<li>Strong networking knowledge.</li>
<li>Experience administering SaaS platforms such as Google Workspace, Okta, Fresh service, Slack and etc.</li>
<li>Experience working as part of a project team.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>🫀 Our culture</strong></h3>
<p>At this point, you might expect the usual spiel about how great a place Flipdish is to work at and how great our work culture is (and it <em>is</em>!). But, this all depends on our employees. And that's because we trust our employees to define what sort of an employer Flipdish is.</p>
<p>Transparency is hugely important to us. We listen to one another. We collaborate. And we give everyone a way to grow their careers through a supportive environment.</p>
<p>We're focused on getting the most out of our time together, output and team energy is at the heart of our hub based philosophy - not an attendance ticking exercise!</p>
<p>So, if you want to join a genuinely friendly team, take a look at our current openings and get in touch. And if you don't see an opening just yet, do get in touch and register your interest with us anyway. We'll be in touch as soon as something suitable opens up.</p>
<h3><strong>🙈 Don't be shy. Apply.</strong></h3>
<p>We know that imposter syndrome can be a thing. Don't let it be. We want enthusiastic people from all backgrounds. If you feel like you're up for working with us, get in touch.</p>
<p>We also understand neurodivergent candidates might need assistance. That's not a problem in the slightest. Just reach out to us, we'd love to hear from you.</p>