<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><p><strong>What is the Role</strong></p>
<p>We are actively seeking a Customer Architect with an understanding of technology and hands-on experience in key IT domains, notably Observability, Cybersecurity, and Enterprise Search. You should possess a strong technical background, preferably with experience in cloud-based software solutions.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We value individuals who are passionate about staying at the forefront of technology trends with a growth mindset and excited to learn and implement new technologies. While previous experience with Elastic solutions is not a prerequisite, an eagerness to adopt our suite of solutions and apply them effectively to solve our customers' challenges is critical. This key role involves not only driving the consumption of our Elastic solutions by aligning them with customer business objectives but also onboarding customers, securing adoption, and facilitating expansion.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Customer Architect, you will be the Trusted Technical Advisor, working in tandem with the customer and complementary groups like Field and Services Teams to ensure that Elastic solutions are exceeding customer’s expectations. . Your technical expertise, eye for business, and ability to deliver value will accelerate and improve the customer experience leading to customer continued satisfaction and expansion within the elastic portfolio.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In your role, a crucial part of your responsibility is defining and communicating the technical success criteria for our customers. This involves crafting detailed Technical Success Plans tailored to the specific customers goals and critical metrics.</p>
<p>The Technical Success Plans act as a roadmap, outlining the optimal consumption and deployment of Elastic solutions in the customer's environment. They detail the necessary steps for implementation, highlight achievements for successful consumption or expansion, and provide and effectiveness aligned to the customer’s business goals. By actioning this plan , you will be seen as the trusted advisor, guiding the customer towards achieving their desired outcomes, thereby ensuring their success and satisfaction.</p>
<p>From providing technical guidance and sharing standard methodologies to aligning technical objectives with the customers' business goals, your work is instrumental in facilitating smooth adoption, sustained usage, and increased consumption of our solutions. This hands-on role requires you to be proactive, with a keen understanding of our customers' technical landscape and a commitment to making their journey with Elastic solutions successful and valuable.</p>
<p>Your chief aim will be to ensure the customer derives significant value, eliminate technical frictions, and propel the uptake and application of Elastic solutions, with the ultimate goal of growing annual recurring revenue (ARR).<br><br></p>
<p><strong>What Will You Be Doing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Collaborate closely with the account team, including the Account Executive and the Solutions Architect (Pre-sales engineer), to provide ongoing technical coverage and support, while the account team focuses on identifying new deals.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Define the technical success plan for each customer, outlining the optimal use of Elastic solutions to achieve their business objectives.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ensure a successful technical customer journey, from onboarding to adoption, while continuously driving the consumption of Elastic solutions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understand and articulate the value proposition of Elastic solutions and align them with the customer's business goals.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Work closely with customers to identify and eliminate technical frictions, promoting a smoother adoption and implementation of Elastic solutions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Liaise between customers and support, as necessary, to ensure an optimized support resolution experience smoothing the adoption curve for the customer.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>As a hands-on technical authority, collaborate with the Service Team to deliver personalized, frictionless solutions that meet the unique needs of each customer.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Develop a comprehensive understanding of the customer's business needs and translate these into technical requirements for Elastic solutions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Find opportunities for expansion, at which point the account team takes over to expand the subscription, aiming to grow annual recurring revenue (ARR).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Foster ongoing customer relationships, ensuring that customers continue to increase their utilization of Elastic solutions, further driving ARR.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Continuously review and assess customer consumption of Elastic solutions, proactively suggesting upgrades and enhancements that increase value and drive further consumption.</p>
</li>
<li>The nature of the work that you will be doing will require a high percentage of work onsite with customers, and you should be expected to travel as a result of this requirement</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or a related field highly preferred.</p>
</li>
<li>Fluency in English is required for this role.&nbsp;</li>
<li>
<p>Validated experience in a similar role such as Solutions Architect, Technical Consultant, or Pre-sales Engineer, with hands-on experience with Elastic solutions or equivalent technologies.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experienced with one or more Elastic solutions (Observability, Security, Enterprise Search) or the Elastic stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana) and how to align them with business objectives is a plus.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Excellent communication and presentation skills.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong social skills, with the ability to establish relationships with customers and team members.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Demonstrated problem-solving skills, with a track record of delivering innovative solutions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ability to lead multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-PF1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>