<h1>Junior Talent Acquisition Partner - Product &amp; Technology</h1>
<p>Hi potential new Talent Team member,</p>
<p>We are looking for a new Junior team member to join our Talent Team in Barcelona.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Why is this role exciting and why should you apply?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will have the support of really experienced team members that are invested in helping you grow.</li>
<li>You’ll work primarily on Engineering hiring, which is complex and challenging, but a great place to learn how to be a great Talent Partner.</li>
<li>You will get to work on projects across the people team, working with colleagues from Rewards, People Operations, Business Partners etc.</li>
<li>You’ll join a team that knows how to hire, we are averaging 15 hires a month across Product and Technology, filling challenging roles in a competitive market.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Impact</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategic Advisory:</strong> act as a trusted partner to Hiring Managers, providing market intelligence and talent mapping to ensure we remain competitive.</li>
<li><strong>Pipeline Generation:</strong> proactively build diverse talent pipelines for niche roles through innovative sourcing channels and networking.</li>
<li><strong>Process Excellence:</strong> rigorous management of the ATS (Greenhouse), ensuring data integrity and using metrics to identify bottlenecks in the hiring process.</li>
<li><strong>Candidate Advocacy:</strong> champion an inclusive and transparent candidate journey, ensuring every applicant receives a world-class experience regardless of the outcome.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous exposure to talent acquisition (agency or in house) or other people functions is preferred.</li>
<li>English <strong>fluency</strong> is required, another European language is a plus</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Management:</strong> You have the confidence and communication skills to push back when necessary, guide stakeholders, and manage expectations effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Rigor:</strong> You are organised, detail-oriented, and capable of managing high volumes without compromising on quality.</li>
<li><strong>A Data Geek:</strong> You don't just report numbers; you use them to influence hiring managers and stakeholders.</li>
<li><strong>Tech-Forward:</strong> You are comfortable using modern stacks (Greenhouse, G-Suite, Gemini, Workday)</li>
<li>Excellent <strong>communication skills, </strong>enabling you to convey information concisely and adapt your style to the audience and situation.</li>
<li>The ability to effectively <strong>balance</strong> <strong>speed and quality </strong>in a fast-paced, growing environment.</li>
<li>Ability to <strong>develop and maintain</strong> strong working relationships and <strong>influence </strong>stakeholders at all levels.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Traits&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactive in supporting your own and others’ success.</li>
<li>Committed to continuous learning and challenging the status quo.</li>
<li>Possesses a strong bias for action.</li>
<li>Practices giving and receiving open, direct and timely feedback.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p>Do you see yourself thriving in this role? We’d love to see your application even if you don’t meet 100% of the criteria. You may just be the right fit for this or other roles!</p>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for all</strong></p>
<p>At N26, we believe our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring. We strive to build diverse teams that drive innovation and business success. We actively seek talent from all backgrounds and welcome applications from all genders, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages.</p>
<p>We are committed to providing an excellent and accessible candidate experience. If you require any accommodations to make this process work for you, please let us know. We’re here to support you!</p>
<p>Discover more about Diversity &amp; Inclusion at N26:<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion"> https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion</a></p>