<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p></p>
<p><strong>Your Impact</strong><br>Axon is the developer and manufacturer of conducted electrical weapons, body worn cameras, and digital evidence management solutions. By successfully applying technical solutions to age old problems in digital video capture, the Axon team has redefined public and private sector technology around the globe. We are a team of passionate and dedicated professionals who desire to disrupt our industry and protect life with our products. Axon is seeking a high-energy, results driven pre-sales sales engineer who thrives on pitching technology to leadership as well as support staff and end-users. This individual will play an instrumental role in accelerating our sales initiatives and must be a self-starter, who excels in a high-paced, evangelistic startup environment focused on Law Enforcement and the public safety space.<br><br><strong>What You’ll Do </strong><br><strong>Location: </strong>Brazil, travel up to 70% of time<br><strong>Reports to: </strong>Director, Sales Engineering</p>
<ul>
<li>Achieve mastery of all Axon technologies / products</li>
<li>Use exceptional written and oral communication skills to lead business and technical presentations effectively</li>
<li>Have technical conversations with IT departments, including CIOs, as well as channel partner leadership and technical stakeholders</li>
<li>Set and manage expectations with customers and team members</li>
<li>Provide 1st-level technical support throughout the pre-sales cycle for opportunities</li>
<li>Remain organized and focused on removing sales obstacles through creativity and adaptation to rapidly changes circumstances</li>
<li>Develop relationships with key partners for growth within their customer base</li>
<li>Effectively position the technology against competitive offerings</li>
<li>Be responsible for representing the products, company values, and brand to customers and at field events such as industry and user conferences, tech summits, etc.</li>
<li>Take ownership of the POC/Pilot process: Coordinate logistics across all stakeholders, assess customer requirements/objectives, and tailor POC tests and findings, accordingly, assist prospects with initial configuration and orientation</li>
<li>Where possible, improve or develop technical documentation to ease understanding and customer or channel usage of our products and services</li>
<li>Capture requested features and provide feedback to Product Management, Sales, Development, Support, Engineering and Marketing teams</li>
<li>Develop Statements of Work (SOW) for Professional Services necessary for binding quote</li>
<li>Perform other duties and projects as assigned</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>What You Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Willingness to travel;</li>
<li>Fluent English and Portuguese&nbsp;</li>
<li>Assist Sales with presentations and analysis to enlarge customer portfolio;</li>
<li>Training new employees;</li>
<li>Document translation &amp; verification for new products Axon brings to the market</li>
<li>Assist Sales Executives in commercial offer documentation</li>
<li>Educational background:</li>
<ul>
<li>Associates degree in Engineering or Computer Science (or equivalent field), or 5+ years relevant experience.</li>
</ul>
<li>Professional background:</li>
<ul>
<li>4+ years customer facing pre-sales or consulting background required</li>
<li>3+ years of experience with public procurement in META</li>
<li>Experience selling SaaS based solutions</li>
<li>Experience in End User Compute or Cloud Computing preferred</li>
<li>Experience in networking, storage, virtualization, or related technologies</li>
</ul>
<li>Must have intellectual curiosity, humility, accountability and positive approach;</li>
<li>Strong Technical Writing skills to provide professional responses to customer RFPs / RFIs</li>
<li>Basic knowledge or curiosity of security, IPsec, InfoSec, hacking and exploitation tools and methodologies.</li>
<li>Basic knowledge of computer hardware, operating systems, and storage devices.</li>
<li>Ability to work independently with substantial latitude for action and decision making while maintaining focus on achieving optimal outcomes as part of a collaborative development effort.</li>
<li>Requires the ability to work independently with substantial latitude for action and decision making while maintaining focus on achieving optimal outcomes as part of a collaborative development effort.</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills and presence, technical acumen, ability to simplify the complex, ability to work cross-functionally.</li>
<li>Experience developing Statements of Work (SOW) or similar documents</li>
<li>Intermediate knowledge of routing and switching methodologies, telecommunications, and Internet technologies.</li>
<li>Basic knowledge of virtualization and cloud technologies</li>
<li>Network and Telecommunication-specific professional certifications, such as but not limited to: CCNA, CCNP, ComTIA Network+, WCNA, etc..</li>
<li>Experience with Law Enforcement technology solutions and public procurement is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><br>\*Please submit your Resume in English.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>