<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Be Part of Building the Future</strong></h2>
<p>Dremio is the unified lakehouse platform for self-service analytics and AI, serving hundreds of global enterprises, including Maersk, Amazon, Regeneron, NetApp, and S&amp;P Global. Customers rely on Dremio for cloud, hybrid, and on-prem lakehouses to power their data mesh, data warehouse migration, data virtualization, and unified data access use cases. Based on open source technologies, including Apache Iceberg and Apache Arrow, Dremio provides an open lakehouse architecture enabling the fastest time to insight and platform flexibility at a fraction of the cost.&nbsp; Learn more at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://www.dremio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://www.Dremio.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">www.dremio.com.</a></p></div><h3><strong>About the role</strong></h3>
<p>As a Presales Solutions Architect, you will work proactively with the technical community in the EMEA region to innovate and develop technical strategies and solutions supporting a common outcome. Qualified candidates will demonstrate the capability to excel in a fast-paced environment, demonstrate deep knowledge of international operations and the unique nuances operating within various geographies. The Presales Solutions Architect must be passionate about Dremio’s mission, thrive in a dynamic environment, and be willing to jump in and get things done. The candidate is equally comfortable in both business and technical contexts, interacting both with executives and technology practitioners.</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Engaging with the Dremio Sales Team and Prospects in preparing and presenting the Dremio product and technology while addressing any technical questions or concerns that come up during the sales cycle</li>
<li>Supporting the technical needs of customers and resolving technical issues, along with engaging them on any additional issues, problems, or opportunities regarding the Dremio product</li>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of the Dremio product and technology and work closely with Engineering, Sales and others to resolve critical technical issues</li>
<li>Traveling to clients and potential clients and serving as the key technical interface with customers</li>
<li>Understand the business drivers, challenges and objectives in various industries and domains</li>
<li>Design and architect end-to-end data solutions leveraging Dremio's capabilities, including data virtualization, data catalog, and query optimization.</li>
<li>Configure and optimize and run Dremio POC’s to meet performance, scalability, and security requirements for potential prospects.</li>
<li>Act as a trusted advisor to clients, providing expert guidance and recommendations on leveraging Dremio effectively.</li>
<li>Build and maintain strong client relationships, ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction and retention.</li>
<li>Identify opportunities for expanding the usage of Dremio within client organizations and drive adoption of new features and capabilities.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we’re looking for</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years experience with the majority of experience in large enterprise as a Sales Engineer/Presales Solutions Architect</li>
<li>Knowledge of Databases, specifically MPP analytic databases and data warehousing concepts</li>
<li>Strong understanding of data architecture concepts, including data lakes, data virtualization, and data mesh principles</li>
<li>Working knowledge of Linux, comfortable installing, debugging and integrating applications on Linux platform</li>
<li>Strong experience and expertise in SQL queries, syntax, data modeling and optimization&nbsp;</li>
<li>Knowledge of various data storage technologies, such as HDFS, Amazon S3, Azure Data Lake Storage, and relational databases</li>
<li>Experience with data integration techniques, including ETL/ELT processes, data ingestion, and data transformation</li>
<li>Familiarity with big data processing frameworks like Kubernetes, Apache Spark, Hadoop MapReduce, and Hive</li>
<li>Ability to perform performance tuning and optimization of Dremio queries and workflows</li>
<li>Experience with data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, PowerBI) and understanding of data visualization best practices</li>
<li>Knowledge of data security and privacy best practices, including authentication, authorization, and data encryption</li>
<li>Great presentation skills with the ability to speak in front of audiences</li>
<li>Ability to travel at least 30% of the time</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and ability to design and implement solutions to complex data challenges</li>
<li>Ability to design and lead the implementation of large-scale, enterprise-level data architectures</li>
<li>Ability to articulate technical concepts and solutions to both technical and non-technical audiences</li>
<li>Effective in building strong relationships with customers, partners, and internal stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus points if you have</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Ability to understand and code in core programming languages such as Python, Java or Scala</li>
<li>Familiarity with agile development methodologies and experience working in collaborative, cross-functional teams</li>
<li>Relevant certifications, AWS Certified Data Analytics, or similar data-related certifications</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>What we value&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Dremio, we hold ourselves to high standards when it comes to People, Thinking, and Action. Our Gnarlies (that's what we call our employees) communicate with clarity, drive accountability, and are respectful towards each other. We confront brutal facts and focus on results while operating with a sense of urgency and building a "flywheel". People who like to jump in and drive momentum will thrive in our #GnarlyLife.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dremio is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other unlawful factor.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dremio is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dremio has policies in place to protect the personal information that employees and applicants disclose to us. Please click </span></em><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CB96QFmOX-bFy48YFOe2GO5lmdawOpKKBj8DpTgsuNg/edit?usp=sharing"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">here</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to review the privacy notice.&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<h3><strong>Important Security Notice for Candidates</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Dremio, we uphold trust and transparency as paramount values in all our interactions with customers, partners, employees, and the general public. We have been targeted by individuals creating fake domains similar to ours to scam prospects and candidates. Please note that all official communications from us will be from an @dremio.com domain. If you suspect you've been targeted by a scam, it's imperative to report the incident to your local law enforcement agencies. For more information about this type of scam, please refer to Dremio's official statement&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dremio.com/blog/stay-alert-for-fraudulent-recruitment-attempts-that-falsely-claim-association-with-dremio/">here</a>.</span></p>
<p><em>Dremio is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.</em></p></div>