**About the Team**

With almost 4 Lakh entrepreneurs aboard the Meesho app, we are all set to democratise internet commerce for everyone in India. Our primary responsibility, as the Business org, is to actively drive this mission from the frontlines.

As a Senior Manager - Business Analytics, you will play a huge role in driving growth across all categories. Our team holds end-to-end responsibility to launch and scale up categories, by ensuring the right selection, competitive pricing, and conversion. Each category team has an SBM/BM and a group of ABMs, KAMs, and BD Executives.

Within the business team, you'll closely work with the category marketing team and other category teams. Beyond this, you will also work closely with the Product, Supplier Growth, User Growth, and Fulfillment & Experience teams.

We focus on personal growth and fun at work just as much as we do on working hard. That is why, we have regular 1-1s, monthly outings, and timely rewards and recognitions.

**About the Role**

If you love making impacts, working with data, creating solutions, and have a knack for finding ways to improve processes.

We are looking for a problem-solving, forward-thinking candidate for this role. As Manager - Business Analytics, you will be a leader who can build long-term visions. You will strategize and scale by empowering others in the team as they deliver results while working across other functions such as Product, Tech, and Fulfillment.

You will also receive regular feedback on your work from the CEO and other C-level leaders.

## What you will do

- Data analysis and solution building based on insights captured from data
- Responsible for giving insights to management and helping in strategic planning
- Analyse metrics, key indicators, and other available data sources to discover the root causes of process defects
- Support business development and help to create efficient designs and solution processes
- Determine efficient utilization of resources
- Actively engage with internal partners throughout the organization to meet and exceed customer service levels & transport-related KPIs
- Research and implement cost reduction opportunities
- Excellent problem-solving, task prioritization, follow-up, and customer service skills
- The BA Manager is responsible for driving deep insights into PACE Business and driving continuous improvement using the analysis
- The person should have a detailed understanding of a business requirement or
- the ability to quickly get to the root cause of a particular business issue
- Draft solutions to meet requirements or resolve the root problems
- Ensure data accuracy by validating data for new and existing tools

## What you will need

- 8- 10 yr of experience in Business intelligence
- Proven experience as an Analytics Manager
- Solid experience in data analysis and reporting; industry experience is a plus
- Experience in Python, SQL, and regression techniques
- Superb communication and team management skills
- Analytical skills and strong organizational abilities
- Attention to detail
- Problem-solving aptitude
- Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Statistics, Data Management, or a related field
- 3+ Years of team handling. Managing at least 7 to 10 employees.

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>