<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>The payments landscape is changing rapidly and our team is at the forefront of this change. Depending on where you live, you may be used to paying with a credit card (United States), iDEAL (Netherlands) or UPI (India), amongst hundreds of other global payment methods. It turns out how you pay is increasingly dependent on where you are and what business you're buying from.</p>
<p>The Local Payment Methods team is responsible for Stripe's fastest growing payments business. These payment methods are often the single largest conversion improvement merchants can make to their checkout, driving double-digit increases in checkout conversion. They represent billions of dollars in payments volume each month and are core to Stripe's growth strategy. We build payment methods that help businesses drastically increase their revenues and grow their business. Additionally, we also build the platform that allows us to build and distribute payment methods at scale.</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>We're looking for a Product Manager to own relationships with some of the world's largest payment providers and drive billions in payment volume growth. In this role, you will leverage your extensive experience turning ambiguous problems into clear and actionable deliverables, aligning internal and external leaders on a shared, ambitious vision.</p>
<p>You'll work closely with Stripe users to understand their needs to drive payments performance, and match those to the unique capabilities of Stripe's most strategic payment method partners—including global leaders in Buy Now Pay Later and digital wallet solutions. This will involve close collaboration with Stripe's and our financial partners' product and engineering organizations to prioritize valuable investments over a multi-quarter roadmap, considering distribution potential, performance, risk and costs.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop the long-term vision and strategy for your pillar within the Local Payment Methods team, and create and execute on a compelling roadmap.</li>
<li>Deeply understand Stripe users' (merchants and partners) needs by spending time with partnership managers, risk, legal, compliance, data science, engineering, products, and go-to-market teams, and by observing patterns and trends across their feedback and the industry.</li>
<li>Drive adoption of strategic payment methods across Stripe's merchant base, working with go-to-market teams to identify and unlock new distribution opportunities (e.g., enabling payment methods acceptance cross-border, or for new use cases like recurring or agentic payments).</li>
<li>Partner closely with Risk teams to ensure sustainable growth, implementing controls and enforcement strategies that protect both Stripe and our financial partners while maximizing approval rates and minimizing losses.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product marketing and go-to-market teams to turn your multi-quarter roadmap into compelling and actionable narratives.</li>
<li>Build deep user empathy with both Stripe's merchants and financial partners, understanding global payment industry trends and competitors' offerings to influence Stripe's roadmap effectively.</li>
<li>Work closely with Stripe and our financial partners' product and engineering organizations to define the most valuable investments, factoring in aspects such as distribution potential, performance, costs, and risks.</li>
<li>Collaborate with partnership managers to develop joint product roadmaps with payment partners, securing shared alignment and navigating competing priorities between internal goals and partner objectives.</li>
<li>Become a subject-matter expert for a subset of Stripe's most strategic payment partners, ensuring they receive the support and insights needed to succeed.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years in a product management or product-adjacent role, with a proven track record building highly impactful products</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience partnering closely with engineers, designers, and external partners to build products and complex systems at scale.</li>
<li>Ability to effectively communicate with and influence both user-facing and partner-facing stakeholders.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills, with a knack for precise and concise articulation of user problems</li>
<li>Strong analytical capabilities with experience defining and tracking success metrics, running experiments (e.g., holdback tests), and using data to measure product impact on revenue, conversion, and margins.</li>
<li>Experience working on products that require aligning multiple stakeholders, developing joint roadmaps, and navigating competing priorities between internal goals and external partner objectives.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced environment with significant autonomy and responsibility.</li>
<li>Background delivering successfully on multi-quarter roadmaps and aligning diverse stakeholders to achieve shared goals.</li>
<li>Strong business acumen and comfort with complex ecosystem and platform-level problems.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with online payments, deep understanding of the conversion, costs, and risk trade-offs.</li>
<li>Experience optimizing revenue outcomes for an online payments business</li>
<li>Experience working with financial partners and users from various geographies and cultures.</li>
<li>Experience building platform or marketplace products where success requires balancing multiple stakeholder interests and creating value for all participants in the ecosystem.</li>
</ul>