<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>Product Sales is a team of deep functional and technical specialists who both lead and advise on deals for the most strategically important products in Stripe’s portfolio. Revenue and Finance Automation (RFA) Product Sales is tasked with attacking a $100B market opportunity for back office finance automation across billing, tax, revenue reporting, and data.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>As a Billing Account Executive (Grower) at Stripe, you will use your sales and product expertise to help drive growth to existing Stripe customers. You will collaborate with the core sales, marketing, product marketing, and product teams to develop deep product and industry knowledge and drive strategic deals. You will be instrumental in leading in depth product discussions with existing and prospective customers – and building and executing against our go to market strategy.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Build deep, resilient, and multi-threaded relationships across the client organization and ability to articulate value across different functions and business stakeholders in the organisation.</li>
<li>The capability to develop and execute formal Strategic Account Plans that map out the client organization, identify short-term and long-term growth opportunities, and forecast renewal/expansion cycles.</li>
<li>Proactive communication &amp; transparency with consistent value adding engagements, updates, and ability to manage expectations effectively. Acting as a trusted advisor rather than merely a vendor.</li>
<li>Drive revenue to achieve and over perform on target and KPIs</li>
<li>Lead upsell conversations of Stripe for existing and prospective customers.</li>
<li>Drive strategic thought leadership within assigned territory to ensure user success and revenue growth&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deeply understand the sales process and competitors for Stripe, including software, hardware and payments.</li>
<li>Serve as both an internal and customer-facing expert on Stripe, especially for your specialized products.</li>
<li>Synthesize and relay customer feedback and our findings to inform Stripe’s product roadmap.</li>
<li>Engage with Product, Marketing and User Operations teams to help amplify our growth trajectory.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are</h2>
<p>You are an adept salesperson, capable of engaging in business-level and technical conversations at multiple levels of the organization, including CEO, CFO, and CTO. You are used to building value in competitive situations and enjoy working on products that require deep product understanding, combined with technical knowledge. You’re as comfortable working with clients as with internal stakeholders (including executives). You’re excited to become an expert and to share your knowledge. You’re an organized self-starter, an excellent communicator who is highly analytical and has a track record for improving the processes and organizations around you.</p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of sales or prospecting experience at a technology company and a track record of top performance.</li>
<li>Owning a direct sales quota, with direct sales experience closing new business and/or expansion of existing users.</li>
<li>A proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The ability to deal effectively with ambiguity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment.</li>
<li>A proven ability to be a self-starter capable of driving business results without significant supervision.</li>
<li>An enthusiastic “roll up your sleeves” mentality.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills.</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills, particularly for in-person meetings with multiple stakeholders.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven ability to lead complex negotiations involving bespoke commercial agreements.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to understand complex technical requirements and craft solutions across multiple stakeholders.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in selling billing solutions.</li>
<li>3+ years of experience specifically selling financial services or similar software.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven ability to sell in a fast paced environment.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>