<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Senior Tech Recruitment Business Partner</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking an experienced Senior Tech Recruitment Business Partner to join our Global Talent Acquisition team and drive the growth of our EMEA teams, specifically in our Amsterdam HQ and Madrid Tech Hub. You'll experience a fast-paced, open-minded work environment that fosters innovation and collaborate closely with our hiring teams to identify, attract, and hire top talent, playing a pivotal role in shaping the future of our growing organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner strategically with global tech hiring teams to define hiring needs and develop comprehensive recruiting strategies</li>
<li>Source, select, and manage the end-to-end recruitment process with a strong focus on candidate experience and hiring top talent&nbsp;</li>
<li>Engage top talent through creative sourcing techniques, cultivate strong connections with candidates and ensure a positive hiring experience</li>
<li>Stay ahead and well versed with industry trends to enhance sourcing strategies while fostering an inclusive hiring process that values diverse perspectives</li>
<li>Partner with stakeholders to make data-driven hiring decisions and supporting smooth onboarding and integration of new hires</li>
<li>Contribute to continuous improvement for our team’s effectiveness, strategy and overall success of the company.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You bring 8+ years of Tech Recruitment experience and are ready to contribute to a global team&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have a demonstrated success of recruiting for a range of technical roles and levels, like Engineering, Product Management, Machine Learning, and Infrastructure roles</li>
<li>You have a true passion for Tech Recruitment with a deep understanding of the tech landscape and candidate market</li>
<li>You utilize a data-driven approach to shape impactful hiring strategies and strive to improve recruitment outcomes&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are proactive, driven, and eager to learn&nbsp;</li>
<li>You possess strong interpersonal skills and represent the Adyen Formula&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are comfortable working with global teams and<strong> fluent in English</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>