<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Barcelona, Spain | 💰 Base salary for this role is depending on experience&nbsp;+<em> </em>Incentive Awards tied to your performance<em> </em>&nbsp;+ benefits&nbsp;<br>Hybrid model: 3 days a week in the office</p>
<h3><strong>&nbsp;⭐Our Mobile Engineering team</strong></h3>
<p>There are ~40 Android engineers at Monzo and we’re looking for more to join the team. We have several non-graduates; only some of us studied Computer Science; some of us have worked in huge companies; some have only ever worked in startups; others are former consultants. As long as you enjoy learning new things, we’d love to talk to you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>Monzo works in small, interdisciplinary teams</strong></p>
<p>We have around 400 engineers out of roughly 4,500 people in total - and we have big ambitions. There are many interesting challenges ahead, and we're happy for people to move between teams or to specialise, whatever you prefer. As an engineer here you'd be able to work directly with anyone across the company, and we run regular knowledge-sharing sessions so you’ll learn heaps about everything from how banks work to effective communication.</p>
<h3><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by...</strong></h3>
<p>We’re searching for&nbsp;<strong>product-focused Android engineers</strong>&nbsp;to evolve our native mobile app.<strong>&nbsp;</strong>You’ll take pride in building polished user experiences, and you’ll balance the need for well-tested resilient code with moving fast and iterating.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be working on a product that is a part of day to day life for more than 11 million people already, and your work here will shape the way that people interact with their finances.</p>
<p>As an Android Engineer at Monzo you'll work in a small, autonomous product squad alongside iOS Engineers, Backend Engineers, User Researchers, Product Designers, Product Managers, QA Testers, and Data Scientists.</p>
<p>You and your team will be responsible for an overall company goal, rather than building a specific feature - you'll have the opportunity to have impact on both&nbsp;<em>what</em>&nbsp;we build, and&nbsp;<em>how</em>&nbsp;we build it. Mobile engineers at Monzo work on everything from the personal banking product to customer support tools. We also have a small mobile platform squad dedicated to enabling other engineers to move faster.</p>
<p>Every week we meet as an Android discipline to discuss tools, techniques, problems we're encountering across the company and work together to improve our codebase and processes.</p>
<p>You'll report to an engineering manager who will meet with you every 1-2 weeks 1:1. They’re dedicated to helping you grow and develop as an engineer.</p>
<h4>Our Android app</h4>
<p>Our app is 100% Kotlin, built using MVVM (Model View ViewModel) and Coordinators, and modularised by product feature.</p>
<p>We use RxJava, Retrofit and Moshi for API calls and Dagger for dependency injection. We’re starting to use Coroutines for most new features. Room is our choice for persistence, and we use repositories for interacting with data. We’ve built out our design system with Compose.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We use GitHub Pull Requests to do code reviews, and write unit tests for our ViewModels, Coordinators, and any other classes which contain logic. We write tests for all of our Compose screens and snapshot test them with Happo. We also use Espresso to test flows, which are executed via our continuous integration system.</p>
<p>We’ve previously written about&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/2019/02/11/building-monzo-chat-on-android">building Monzo Chat</a>&nbsp;on Android, which goes into detail on some of these elements.</p>
<h3><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You care about the impact your work has on our customers, and optimise for outcomes rather than the number of lines of code you output</li>
<li>You’re excited about and have experience in programming in Kotlin</li>
<li>You’ve shipped and iterated on at least one app in the Play Store</li>
<li>You have a product mindset: you care about customer outcomes and you want to make data-informed decisions</li>
<li>You love turning excellent design into beautiful products</li>
<li>You’re comfortable working in a team that deals with ambiguity</li>
<li>You have an understanding computer science principles</li>
</ul>
<p>We're on the look out for L30 Engineers at the moment, you can read more in our&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/documents/engineering-progression-framework-v4-1.pdf">Engineering Progression Framework</a>&nbsp;you will be interviewed across the whole framework, so if you're not sure what level you're aiming for chat to your recruiter!&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>🙌What’s in it for you:</strong></h3>
<p>💰Base salary range for this role is depending on experience + equity + stock options &amp; benefits&nbsp;</p>
<p>💰 Base salary for this role is depending on experience +<em> </em>Incentive Awards tied to your performance<em> </em>&nbsp;+ benefits&nbsp;</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚Learning budget of €1,200 a year for books, training courses and conferences</p>
<h3><strong>🌈</strong><strong> The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></h3>
<p>Our interview process involves three main stages:&nbsp;</p>
<ol>
<li>Initial Call&nbsp;</li>
<li>Take home task or pair coding exercise&nbsp;</li>
<li>Final interview including a system design and a behavioural interview&nbsp;</li>
</ol>
<p>This process should take around 2-3 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>There’s a detailed blog on&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/2022/03/22/preparing-for-mobile-interviews-at-monzo">the interview process</a>, for extra details, hints and tips.</p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you're successful in applying for this role, we'll work with you to find a start date. In some cases, there might be a delay in when you can be released from your current role so that we can make sure things continue to run smoothly. We’ll be sure to communicate this with you and keep you updated.</p>
<div id="1740415782.814699" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1740415782.814699">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--default">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">LI-JS1</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>