**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest growing scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

Within the Customer Success team, the mission of the Account Manager is to ensure that Agicap delivers the expected added value to our clients when they subscribe to our tool.

The Account Manager engages with clients right after their training to guarantee the best experience throughout their customer journey.

You are responsible for:

- Managing a portfolio of 200-300 clients (renewal, churn reduction, upsell)

- Defining and implementing a tailored activation strategy for each client (resolving complex issues, setting up configurations to meet new needs, etc.)

- Ensuring that Agicap creates maximum value for clients and realizes their return on investment (ROI)

- Maintaining and developing the use of the solution and new features among our clients

- Actively participating in the identification and qualification of upsell opportunities and recommendations

- Helping business leaders manage their companies

- Contributing directly to the development of our product by relaying client feedback to the technical and product teams: you are the voice of the client

- Sharing your expertise and ideas to improve the team's performance

## ⭐ What we are looking for :

- Native/Fluent Spanish speaker with a full professional proficiency in English
- Previous relevant experience (1-2 years)
- You are capable to address client issues
- You can manage multiple tasks and handle changing priorities within tight deadlines
- You enjoy challenges and strive to exceed your objectives
- You love advising, discussing, and convincing others

## 🎁 What we offer :

- Perfect moment in terms of growth and opportunities to join our adventure
- Permanent contract - 35K Salary Package
- Fast learning environment, entrepreneurship and team spirit
- An incredible team of entrepreneurs

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!