<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>COMPANY DESCRIPTION:</strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Okta is the foundation for secure connections between people and technology. By harnessing the power of the cloud, Okta allows people to access applications on any device at any time, while allowing for strong security protection. The Okta service integrates directly with an organization’s existing directories and identity systems, as well as 6,500+ applications.</p>
<p>Because Okta runs on an integrated platform, organizations can implement Okta quickly at large scale and low total cost.</p>
<p>Thousands of customers, including Adobe, Allergan, Chiquita, LinkedIn, and Western Union, trust Okta to help their organizations work faster, boost revenue, and stay secure.</p>
<p>To learn more about Okta, visit <a href="https://www.okta.com/"><strong>https://www.okta.com</strong></a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>JOB PURPOSE:</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you will be tasked with providing hands-on implementation and deployment services to our customers. We are looking for an experienced, enthusiastic and hands-on leader who can rapidly learn the Okta platform, our technology and the value proposition that we bring to customers of all sizes. You will lead multiple concurrent customer deployment projects with the number one goal to ensure long-term customer success. Additionally you will engage with the full Customer Success team in order to assure a smooth transition post-deployment to the support/maintenance phases. Finally, you will also be responsible for the continuous improvement of delivery processes and methods.</p>
<p><strong>Duties and responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work hands on with Okta customers, primarily in a post-sales role, to provide innovative consulting services.</li>
<li>Gather, analyze, and document post-sales requirements.</li>
<li>Communicate to customers and partners at the technical and/or functional level appropriate for the situation.</li>
<li>Be dedicated to providing excellent design and deployment solutions resulting in extraordinary customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Be prompt and deliver high quality service and leadership to align with customer goals and requests.</li>
<li>Manage project scope, schedule, status, and documentation.</li>
<li>Mentor and train customers on the service.</li>
<li>Act as a liaison between Customers and Product Management to drive product development.</li>
<li>Lead interaction and collaboration with other Okta teams such as Engineering and Support as needed to address escalated issues.</li>
<li>Interact with management and other roles within the customer organization and Okta.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the sales team on existing customers up-sell and cross-sell opportunities.</li>
<li>Perform hands on technical design, configuration, and troubleshooting of the Okta service.</li>
<li>Shape and Influence Okta’s growth and scalability, by designing new offerings, and finding new ways to deliver amazing customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Manage multiple concurrent deployment projects.</li>
<li>Apply knowledge of technologies and protocols to support identity federation and robust access control models, such as SAML 2.0, WS-Federation, OAuth, and OpenID Connect.</li>
<li>While providing customer service, apply knowledge of cloud architectures as well as complex enterprise on-premise IT landscapes.</li>
<li>Apply software development experience (Java, Ruby, .Net, PHP, REST/JSON, etc) when working with customers.</li>
<li>Utilize knowledge of typical enterprise identity life cycle management processes and standards.</li>
<li>Apply experience with JavaScript and one of the major JavaScript MVC frameworks (Backbone, Angular, Ember, React, etc.) when working on customer integrations.</li>
<li>May provide mentoring, guidance, and expertise to less experienced team members.</li>
<li>Ensure quality and time management processes are followed by team (e.g., change controls, time tracking).</li>
<li>Commit to and use a knowledge repository for deployment standard methodologies and other customer ideas as continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Up to 50% future travel required to customer sites.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Minimum REQUIRED Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities</strong><strong>:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5-7 years experience as a technical consultant delivering solutions to external customers.</li>
<li>Experience with technologies and protocols to support identity federation and robust access control models (e.g., OAuth, OpenID Connect, SAML 2.0, WS-Federation).</li>
<li>Software development experience (Java, Ruby, .Net, PHP, REST/JSON, etc).</li>
<li>Some knowledge of enterprise web technologies, security and cutting-edge infrastructures.</li>
<li>Experience with JavaScript and one of the major JavaScript MVC frameworks (Backbone, Angular, Ember, React, etc.)</li>
<li>Ability to work independently and multi-functionally supporting the development of client work you're doing.</li>
<li>Knowledge of typical enterprise identity life cycle management processes and standards.</li>
<li>Ability to Multi-task and manage multiple customer engagements is a requirement.</li>
<li>Able and willing to be a hands-on contributor</li>
<li>Superb communication skills, including issue tracking, triaging and crisis management.</li>
<li>Experience in Process Improvement, Decision-making, Managing Processes, Planning, Analyzing Information and Developing Standards.</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Additional requirements:</strong></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">This position requires the ability to access federal environments and/or have access to protected federal data. As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Person status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee. 22 CFR 120.15) upon hire.</li>
<li>Must be available to work onsite at Fort Meade.</li>
<li>Must have active Top Secret Clearance.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in designing and implementing security and identity management solutions to&nbsp;support critical systems and business programs</li>
<li>Experience in delivering Okta implementations for organizations</li>
<li>Mobile development experience preferred (iOS and Android)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Problem Solving:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Exhibits confidence and an extensive knowledge of emerging industry practices when solving business problems.</li>
<li>Asks probing questions to elicit facts and clarify a situation.</li>
<li>Identifies critical issues with ease.</li>
<li>Engages appropriate resources to obtain information, seek suggestions and acquire assistance.</li>
<li>Pushes creative thinking beyond the boundaries of existing industry practices and customer mindsets.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Communication:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Communicates with internal and external customers and all levels of management.</li>
<li>Effectively communicate technical information to non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Delivers informative, well-organized presentations.</li>
<li>Understands how to communicate difficult/sensitive information thoughtfully.</li>
<li>Uses active listening skills to figure out and understand the customer's business goals, objectives and priorities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Team and Customer Interaction:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Facilitates effective team interaction.</li>
<li>Communicates effectively with customers to identify needs and evaluate alternative technical solutions with customers.</li>
<li>Continually seeks opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and deepen client relationships.</li>
<li>Manages client expectations effectively.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Education:</strong></p>
<p>A Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Information Technology or related discipline required.</p>
<p>#LI-Onsite</p>
<p>P24304\_3322302</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>