<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Location: Sydney</strong>, <strong>Australia</strong></p>
<hr>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Senior Solutions Engineer to work with our top tier customers and become their Trusted Advisor for their security and business goals. The successful applicant will have a track record of working with large enterprise organisations in driving business and technical outcomes through technology solutions, with experience in engaging at the C-level with Business and Technology stakeholders.<br><br><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Land an end-to-end value prop for web security &amp; performance that spans the breadth of Cloudflare Product offerings.</li>
<li>Empower customers in their security adoption journey, helping them to define a secure strategy,&nbsp;</li>
<li>Architecture of necessary security controls aligned with Cloudflare Security and Performance product suites</li>
<li>You will work closely with Account Executives to educate your prospective customers on how they can obtain success on the Cloudflare platform</li>
<li>Apply technical knowledge to architect security solutions that meet business, IT, Regulation and Compliance needs, infusing key security technologies where appropriate.</li>
<li>Be a Voice of the Customer to share insights and best practices, connect with Global Engineering and Product teams at Cloudflare to remove blockers and influence the roadmap.</li>
<li>Maintain long-term trusted adviser relationships with the peers at your customers and work hand-in-hand with the Customer Success team to ensure your customers are delighted with Cloudflare offerings.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Key Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years experience in a pre-sales SE role;</li>
<li>Relationship Building. Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior security executives in large or highly strategic accounts. Experience in managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on security solutions/projects.</li>
<li>Problem Solving. Ability to solve customer security, compliance, and data protection problems through Cloudflare's technology stack . Acknowledged for driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences (Senior Executives, Security teams, Security admins, DevSecOps, Cloud Security architect teams).</li>
<li>Customer Focus. Customer obsessed leader with an “I will get it done" approach to solving customer challenges.</li>
<li>Value Realisation. Ability to understand customer business objectives and outcomes and the ability to quickly leverage tech solutions to accomplish those outcomes.</li>
<li>Trusted Technical Advisor. Ability to build strong relationships with senior security stakeholders and quickly build credibility and be viewed as a trusted advisor.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Technical Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of “how the internet works”. For example: Know the differences between TCP &amp; UDP, and understand what kinds of applications may favor one over the other;</li>
<li>Can explain the difference between authoritative DNS &amp; recursive DNS;</li>
<li>Understand the role of a firewall, why TLS (SSL) plays an increasingly important role on today's Internet, a solid understanding of HTTP and a willingness to dive deeper into the quirks of clients &amp; servers alike</li>
<li>Understanding of how customers make buying decisions, how to explain ROI.</li>
<li>Experience in cloud computing, preferred if strong background in architecting applications on AWS or GCP;</li>
<li>Technical expertise in cloud infrastructure, integrating front end web technologies such as Next.JS/React, with compute and databases;</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with a scripting language (e.g. Python, JavaScript, Bash) and a desire to expand those skills;</li>
<li>You've built a web application before, or contributed to an existing application in a meaningful way;</li>
<li>You can describe the differences between CSRF, XSS and SQLi in detail and Cloudflare's role in defending against them;</li>
<li>Understanding of, or experience with, regulatory requirements such a PCI DSS, HIPAA, and SOC-2.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>