<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>CDD Risk Analyst, Onboarding</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for an CDD Risk Analyst, Onboarding to be part of our APAC CDD team to support our regional growth. You will be based in Singapore working closely with Sales, Account Management, Compliance, Risk, Regulatory and Finance. In this role you will be responsible for reviewing potential, new and existing merchants from a risk, regulatory and compliance perspective. As a highly regulated company we need to adhere to various rules and regulations and make sure we grow our business with a healthy portfolio of merchants.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a first line team, we balance compliance with merchant focus and operate in a time-sensitive environment. CDD/ EDD verification, AML risk knowledge, a good understanding of payments setups and a detail-oriented attitude towards producing quality reviews is what characterises the team.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conducting due diligence checks via gathering and analyzing the information on new merchant applications&nbsp;</li>
<li>Produce risk assessments for new and existing merchants based on provided/gathered information&nbsp;</li>
<li>Investigate and resolve blockers to merchant go live and payouts relating to CDD matters&nbsp;</li>
<li>Provide advice and assistance to internal stakeholders on CDD matters related to new and existing merchants</li>
<li>Ensuring compliance with evolving CDD/EDD regulations and internal policies</li>
<li>Setup processes, monitor and execute checks related to merchant on-boarding</li>
<li>Evaluate existing procedures to refine and optimize the end to end merchant on-boarding process&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 4 years of prior experience in a risk or compliance related domain&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are detail-oriented and have a firm understanding of risk mitigation and Internal Controls related to CDD, EDD and AML/ CFT&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are comfortable navigating an operational work environment involving stakeholder management and taking ownership of merchant onboarding till completion</li>
<li>You have a strong interest in operational processes and are a strong collaborator who is proactive, structured, and able to independently manage multiple work streams; you will also actively seek the answers of what you don’t know</li>
<li>You have good communication and relationship-building skills, and can work cross-functionally across operations, commercial, product and compliance teams, including across global teams</li>
<li>Knowledge of the Payments environment is a plus but not strictly required</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Singapore office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>