<p>The Director, Employee Experience India will report to the Head of Regional HR, APAC and will be the face of the People Team to the India employees and managers while serving as the main point of contact for escalated inquiries and concerns, performance management, employee well-being, employee relations, and compliance. Additionally, this role will proactively and collaboratively, support and partner a local business unit leader and their team, while overseeing and/or directly leading the local Employee Experience team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Employee Experience Team at MongoDB India is the face of HR to the approximately 800 employees. The team is responsible for providing full employee life cycle service delivery from onboarding to separation management in partnership with the rest of the People Team including the following CoEs: Recruiting, Total Rewards, Learning and Development, Employee Engagement &amp; Inclusion, HR Business Partnering and HR Operations. The team is also responsible for our Workplace sustainability and community/events efforts, Employee Relations, policy and process enhancements including regional compliance as well as developing programs to enhance manager capability across the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurugram for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Key Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Management: Effectively lead India Employee Experience team and manage direct report(s), with effective cadence, fostering a collaborative and productive work environment while actively supporting their professional development&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partnership: Partner with global HRBPs and COEs to support achieving the people goals of assigned business units in India</li>
<li>Service Delivery: Serve as the main point of contact for escalated employee and people manager questions and concerns for your assigned business unit and broader India businesses.</li>
<li>Performance Management: Coach and enable managers to set clear expectations, provide regular feedback, and manage employee performance</li>
<li>Employee Relations: Support our commitment to a safe and balanced workplace by evaluating employee complaints to make appropriate recommendations to address the matter. Conduct mediation sessions when necessary.</li>
<li>Process Improvement: Develop and evolve MongoDB People processes and systems to continue elevating the employee and manager experience</li>
<li>Compliance: Stay updated on employment law and current legislation related to Human Resources, providing valuable advice to managers, identifying risks, and suggesting alternative solutions. Contribute to the evaluation, development, and enhancement of company policies as needed</li>
<li>Culture Ambassador: Focus on manager and leadership enablement; support and promote a values-based culture and effective hybrid working environment in partnership with Workplace and local leadership</li>
<li>Coaching: Act as a trusted advisor, applying your HR expertise and understanding of MongoDB’s business to effectively partner with leaders to provide guidance, support, and coaching to drive people development and business results</li>
<li>Knowledge: Maintains knowledge of trends, best practices, regulatory changes, and new technologies in human resources, talent management, and employment law</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>Ideally, a Bachelor’s degree in HR or related field with at least 10 years of well-rounded experience in progressive HR roles with at least 5 years in a leadership position. Must have strong performance management, coaching, business partnership, employee relations, and HR operations background. Experience in a high growth technology business is a plus.&nbsp; Relevant certifications are a double plus</li>
<li>Exceptional communication, interpersonal and influence skills with the ability to influence and engage others&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong understanding and working knowledge of employment laws of India is a must, combined with the proven ability to interpret and guide employment matters, manage grievances, disputes and investigations in alignment with local employment law and regulations</li>
<li>Passion for and demonstrated expertise in developing and implementing HR programs and driving operational excellence for a high growth and complex company. We are still building the bridge as we walk, and we need someone who has the organizational &amp; project management skills that are required to do that and enjoys the exhilaration that comes with it</li>
<li>Critical thinking skills are important. This includes the ability to analyze a situation or problem, identify the root cause, break solutions down into achievable milestones and make informed data-driven decisions</li>
<li>Adaptability and flexibility for two reasons - we are a company that is scaling in a market that is constantly evolving and this role partners with employees at all levels of the organization. You will need to shift regularly between tactical and strategic priorities, deal with a lot of change and focus on driving outcomes across a wide range of levels in the company</li>
<li>Ability to handle sensitive and confidential information with discretion</li>
<li>You need to be comfortable in an accelerated learning environment and be self-motivated and assertive to succeed</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>REQ ID: 1273353296</em></p>