<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR</strong><br>Reporting to the Associate Director, Legal, Procurement, the Procurement Counsel will be responsible for the effective negotiation and management of vendor contracts along with managing the overall vendor onboarding cycle from a contractual and legal standpoint, working closely with other teams such as Procurement, Finance, Security, and Privacy. This role supports a high volume of global vendor contracts across all departments at Braze, including the procurement of technology, marketing, professional services, and events. The Procurement Counsel will negotiate contractual terms to address legal risk and accurately capture business terms, establish best practices in terms of process and review across a wide variety of vendor agreements, and contribute to scaling the procurement legal function at Braze. <br><br><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead contract negotiations with vendors for goods and services, including technology, marketing, professional services, and events.</li>
<li>Ensure that all vendor contracts adhere to company policies, including legal, compliance, and audit requirements.</li>
<li>Work with the business leads to mitigate risk and ensure business needs are appropriately addressed in each contract.</li>
<li>Work closely with the Finance team and Procurement team to establish, enforce, and educate employees on the procurement process, policies, and best practices.</li>
<li>Review and negotiate NDAs with vendors.</li>
<li>Contribute to developing contract templates and processes that will scale globally.</li>
<li>Partner with the Information Security and Privacy team to ensure vendor compliance with privacy and data protection laws and information security standards.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Maintain contract records in the vendor management database.</li>
<li>Generally assist in scaling the Procurement Legal function within Braze.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of legal experience working in contract negotiation, handling a variety of contract types.</li>
<li>Ability to spot legal issues and effectively communicate Braze’s positions on such legal issues to prospective and existing vendors.</li>
<li>Effective in building relationships and developing strong internal and external partnerships.</li>
<li>Prior work experience with a fast-growing technology company is preferred.</li>
<li>Experience with a contract lifecycle management (CLM) platform such as Ironclad is a plus, but not a requirement. Familiarity with AI-powered contract drafting and review tools is strongly preferred.</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution, along with a legal degree (J.D., LL.B., LL.M., or equivalent) and/or a license to practice law in a jurisdiction applicable to the role (London, Berlin, Paris, or Singapore).</li>
<li>Excellent negotiation, drafting, analytical, and communication skills.</li>
<li>Experience and familiarity with Privacy Law.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience working cross-functionally with teams across an organization, including Finance, Procurement, Security, Privacy, and business operations.</li>
<li>Highly self-motivated and resourceful, with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, prioritize effectively, meet deadlines, and independently drive matters to resolution with minimal supervision.</li>
<li>Demonstrates sound judgment and integrity in handling complex, confidential matters, with strong interpersonal skills and a collaborative approach that thrives in fast-paced, high-impact environments</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>