<p>At Prospa, we exist to unleash the potential of small business. We are building the future of small business and simplifying cashflow by building a leading platform that helps customers make payments, fund growth and reduce admin. <strong>Join us!</strong></p>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">The role</h3>
<p>We are seeking an experienced <strong>Business Development Manager</strong> to join our National Sales team. Reporting to the National Sales Manager, this role is responsible for driving growth through strong partner and referral relationships across a defined region.</p>
<p>You will play a critical role in identifying, engaging and growing broker and referral partnerships, while working closely with state‑based Business Development Managers to unlock new opportunities. Success in this role will come from your ability to build trust, motivate partners, and consistently deliver strong regional sales results</p>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">What you'll be doing</h3>
<ul class="wp-block-list">
<li>Identify, contact, engage and partner with broker referrers within a defined territory</li>
<li>Implement a strategic plan to engage partners to refer business and deliver territory sales volumes</li>
<li>Engage partnerships in order to build market awareness&nbsp; and referral opportunities</li>
<li>Ensure best practice sales and marketing execution is adhered to across the channel</li>
<li>Present the business value proposition to stimulate regular deal opportunities</li>
<li>Identify and win new referral partnerships across multiple industries</li>
<li>Work closely with AU Leadership team to identify, engage and build business referrals in order to achieve territory sales volumes and KPIs</li>
<li>Ability to grow partner referrals by articulating the ‘partner evolution’ and progressing mutually beneficial relationships&nbsp;</li>
<li>Provide management with regular sales pipeline updates</li>
<li>Ability to effectively overcome customer objections and train others to do the same in order to acquire new business</li>
<li>Ability to articulate Prospa’s value proposition to all targeted business types (retail, hospitality commercial, trades etc)</li>
<li>Actively contribute to the wider team’s motivation and positive attitude towards becoming a market leader within targeted channel categories</li>
<li>Maintain accurate information in our company CRM system</li>
</ul>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">What you'll need to succeed</h3>
<ul class="wp-block-list">
<li>3 years experience working within a channel sales role</li>
<li>A proven capability to manage a defined territory of key accounts to meet budget</li>
<li>Proven ability to identify, contact and partner with target referral market</li>
<li>Experience with selling and supporting the finance broker market (would be very advantageous)</li>
<li>Experience in managing and growing channel partnerships (exceptional training and engagement capability)</li>
<li>Excellent relationship building skills with an engaging personality</li>
<li>Ability to be recognised as a valued business supporter and partner</li>
<li>Strong business acumen and a keen understanding of the key motivators for business owners within the SME marketplace</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
</ul>
<h4 class="wp-block-heading">Don't let a confidence gap get in the way of submitting your application.</h4>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">What we offer:</h3>
<p>As a busy grow getter, our benefits are here to help you be unstoppable in your mission. Whether it's a lofty career goal, investing in your family, saving the planet or simply feeling fulfilled:</p>
<ul class="wp-block-list">
<li><strong>Growth</strong>: There's something for everyone including learning days, a learning allowance, leadership programs, CliftonStrengths workshops, digital learning, and biannual companywide learning weeks.</li>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Think fitness initiatives, seasonal programs (including flu shots, massages, skin checks, wellness classes), additional "Me Days" and access to holistic EAP coaching.</li>
<li><strong>Lifestyle</strong>: Find your fit with flexible working options, top notch office facilities and diverse remote/ travel work options. You can also purchase additional leave and take up to 18 weeks paid parental leave.</li>
<li><strong>Impact</strong>: Join a business that cares and is recertified as carbon neutral. And you can tap into volunteer days, our partnership with Kiva and join a range of employee resource groups.</li>
</ul>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">Why Prospa?</h3>
<p>We're proud to be a certified Great Place to Work and recognised as a Best Workplace for Women, Best Workplace in Technology, and Best Workplace in Australia. We embrace diversity in people and ideas, fostering a collaborative, inclusive, and respectful environment where we celebrate who you naturally are.</p>
<p>Don't just take our word for it, check out <a href="https://www.canva.com/design/DAFVWLf-6HY/gkJWX100FultHNWIwaaT2A/view?utm\_content=DAFVWLf-6HY&amp;utm\_campaign=designshare&amp;utm\_medium=link2&amp;utm\_source=uniquelinks&amp;utlId=GVjPXtnOQw" target="\_blank"><strong>Prospa’s culture code</strong></a> to see it for yourself.</p>