<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><div>Okta is an identity company. Identity matters because we’re all unique. We were raised in different countries, cities, and towns. We have unique backgrounds. We’ve faced specific challenges. And we've learned a lot along the way. At Okta we believe those experiences equip us to look at the world with our own perspective. Our SaaS product protects your right to be you, and we want every single one of our employees to feel a sense of belonging, acceptance and comfort to express their ideas, because ultimately our differences are what makes us great. And guess what? You could join us because…</div>
<div><br><strong>The Large Enterprise Sales team in France is growing!</strong><br>Okta EMEA’s enterprise sales organisation are a team of entrepreneurial and driven sales professionals and they are playing a key role in the expansion of Okta as we establish ourselves as a market leader in the French territory, leveraging Okta’s existing customer references, marketing programs, partner base and ISV &amp; alliance relationships.<br>The Large Enterprise Account Executive will focus on user base accounts above 20000. base accounts and develop strategies and sales tactics to generate pipeline and drive sales opportunities to produce repeatable and predictable bookings, while adhering to Okta’s core value of always focusing on the success of our customers.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>As an Okta Large Enterprise Account Executive you will:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute sales strategies and tactics to generate pipeline, drive sales opportunities and deliver repeatable and predictable bookings</li>
<li>Embrace to Okta’s #1 core value to always love our customers</li>
<li>Generating new business with the world’s largest organisations</li>
<li>Position Okta at both the functional and business value level with target stakeholders;</li>
<li>Champion Okta to prospective clients at sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations</li>
<li>Build effective working partnerships with your Okta colleagues (channel partners, sales engineering, business value management, customer first + many more!) with humility and enthusiasm</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>You could be a great fit for this role if you have:</strong><br><strong>Passion for technology</strong> and how it can help organisations compete and thrive in the Digital Age;</div>
<ul>
<li>Excitement about the opportunity to join the <strong>French territory arm</strong> of an exciting and fast-growing SaaS provider;</li>
<li><strong>A track record of success</strong> selling a Software-as-a-Service and/or Cloud Computing services to the largest and most complex organisations in the French territory</li>
<li><strong>Experience in value-based</strong> selling at senior/C-Level</li>
<li><strong>A reputation as a trusted business partner</strong> for you peers in the local reseller and system integrator community</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communications skills;</li>
<li>The ability to travel, including customer &amp; partner sites, and visits to our EMEA HQ in London, and the US</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>You might also have:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of and experience with Identity &amp; Access Management, Single Sign-on and API-based solutions is always great but definitely not a must have</li>
<li>BSc/BA degree or equivalent (preferred but not essential)</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-IG</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p><small>P13754\_3396751</small></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span data-sheets-root="1">Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in France. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and comprehensive healthcare coverage and financial benefits including paid time off and parental leave in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https://rewards.okta.com/fra.<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The OTE range for this position for candidates located in France is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€235.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€259.000 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>