<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next New Business Account Executive UK/I/Northern Europe.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to sell into high value Enterprise prospects and existing customers with ARR under $50k. You will play a key role in further growing Twilio’s Communication business across DACH. You will be responsible for sourcing new, high value customers as well as driving the sales process from internal leads to qualifying new prospects and handling deals to closure.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Be responsible for new customer acquisition and driving ACV for a specific set of accounts while maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Master creating pricing proposals, negotiating terms and managing the contract process. Ideally, you also have experience selling communications solutions to a technical and business audience, building trust and mutual respect with technical customers and peers.</li>
<li>Are passionate about what you do and you are able to think outside of the box and have extraordinary interpersonal and communication skills to make complex contractual, technical, and financial details sound simple.</li>
<li>Able to balance challenging priorities and handle multiple projects/deals at the same time.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of Enterprise Sales experience and a track record of personally selling and closing complex solutions to enterprise and software companies.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong experience identifying, mapping and prospecting enterprise accounts</li>
<li>Proven success in selling complex, technical solutions such as cloud communications platforms, APIs, Conversational AI and/or enterprise software</li>
<li>Experience in account management, developing large enterprise clients, and a history of meeting or exceeding sales targets</li>
<li>Experience working with Fortune 500 or similarly large enterprises</li>
<li>Background in working within a quota-driven environment with proven ability to close high-value deals (e.g., six to seven figures)</li>
<li>Expertise in solution-based selling or consultative selling&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong negotiation and contract management skills, including handling complex deals with long sales cycles.</li>
<li>Prospecting and lead generation skills—ability to develop a pipeline through multiple channels, including direct sales, partnerships, and networking.</li>
<li>Ability to build and nurture relationships with C-level executives, decision-makers, cross-functional partners and key stakeholders in large enterprises</li>
<li>Strong presentation and negotiation skills</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a dynamic / environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Familiar working with MEDDPICC sales qualification methodology and other Sales methodologies</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Fluent German speaker&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ideally, you also have experience selling both to a business and technical audience</li>
<li>Understanding of the CPaaS &amp; Customer Engagement ecosystem and familiarity with:</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Cloud communications (voice, SMS, chat, video, etc.).</li>
<li>Contact centre agent productivity and Conversational AI</li>
<li>APIs and integrations for communication services.</li>
<li>Telecommunications industry dynamics.</li>
<li>Knowledge of enterprise technology architecture and the technical needs of large organizations, including how CPaaS solutions integrate with existing systems.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote and based in the UK, Ireland or Spain.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, a minimum of 25% travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>