<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><p>As a Senior Technical Revenue Analyst you will be a critical part of the Company’s month-end close processes, reporting, and operational procedures. As a member of a growing finance team, the ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, a self-starter who can work independently, and meet deadlines in a fast paced environment. This role will report to the Manager, Technical Revenue Accounting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a full time role that can be held from our Dublin hub in a hybrid working environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do at Figma:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Engage with cross-functional departments to provide expert knowledge of ASC606 or IFRS 15 guidance for complex revenue contracts and transactions</li>
<li>Close process involvement: contract review, posting journal entries, slide deck presentations.</li>
<li>Maintain internal controls for revenue recognition and the quote to cash function</li>
<li>Continuously improve business processes, and systems, and enhance documentation and controls</li>
<li>Assist in the annual audit and quarterly reviews, including walkthroughs and the preparation of PBCs</li>
<li>Assist in driving process improvements to continuously reduce the Accounting Close Cycle duration</li>
<li>Support with ad-hoc projects and requests</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’d love to hear if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-section-id="n4yqtl" data-start="83" data-end="221">3+ years of combined experience in public accounting and corporate revenue accounting, preferably within a fast-paced SaaS environment</li>
<li data-section-id="r1y04a" data-start="222" data-end="306">Strong knowledge of ASC 606 with experience reviewing and interpreting contracts</li>
<li data-section-id="r4ohf7" data-start="307" data-end="405">Advanced experience with ERP systems (e.g., NetSuite, Workday, Oracle) and strong Excel skills</li>
<li data-section-id="1ud9c1h" data-start="406" data-end="511">Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with a high level of accuracy and attention to detail</li>
<li data-section-id="1cpi14r" data-start="512" data-end="560" data-is-last-node="">Strong verbal and written communication skills</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>While it’s not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>CPA / CPA candidate preferred</li>
<li>SOX compliant public company experience</li>
<li>High proficiency using the NetSuite Advanced Revenue Management module in multi-currencies a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>