<h2><strong>About Parloa</strong></h2>
<p>Parloa’s mission is to make every customer conversation feel effortless for both customers and the companies serving them. As agentic AI accelerates, Parloans are shaping the foundation of a new era in customer experience - one where customer support is no longer transactions, but meaningful exchanges. It is not just a vision; Parloa has powered over ONE BILLION interactions between global enterprise brands and their customers, with companies like Booking.com, HealthEquity, Allianz, SAP, BarmeniaGothaer, and TUI already deploying Parloa at scale.</p>
<h2><strong>About the role:</strong></h2>
<p>As <strong>Business Development Executive </strong>you will be a key player in scaling our business, helping build our revenue engine to become predictable and scalable, and be a key driver of revenue by actively sourcing new business - with a focus on enterprise prospects.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Areas of ownership:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Build the revenue engine together with the revenue growth team and our enterprise account executive team.</li>
<li>Find, analyze and evaluate new market growth opportunities and build outreach plans to seize new customer opportunities.</li>
<li>Build and take ownership of the sales pipeline, generating outbound leads and develop new sales opportunities.</li>
<li>Build and nurture relationships with clients, providing them with insights to Parloa's innovative conversational AI platform.</li>
<li>Assess client challenges, align with their needs, and showcase how Parloa's platform can deliver value and a strong return on investment.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Our BDE Tech-stack:</strong></h3>
<p>Tech-stack: LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Salesforce, Loom, Asana, Apollo, Miro, Notion</p>
<h2><strong>Who you are:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>1+ years of experience working in a customer facing role, consultancy or other fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Phenomenal interpersonal skills - you love speaking with people and are most comfortable when around people.</li>
<li>You are coachable, passionate, curious and competitive (yet humble).</li>
<li>Basic knowledge of SaaS and B2B lead generation.</li>
<li>Fluent in German and English.</li>
<li>This role requires a minimum of 2 days in the office per week.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our Recruiting Process:</strong></h2>
<p>Talent Acquisition → Hiring Manager → Technical Interview(s) → Bar Raiser</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><iframe style="display: table; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/P4d-iyx7RQM" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr>
<p>Parloa is committed to upholding the highest data protection standards for our clients' and employees' data. All our employees are instrumental in ensuring the utmost care, GDPR, and ISO compliance, including ISO 27001, in handling sensitive information.</p>
<p>Parloa is an e-verify employer in the USA. <a class="c-link" href="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Please click here to learn more</a>.</p>
<p><strong>\* </strong><strong>We provide equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless race, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability status, socioeconomic background and other characteristics.</strong></p></div>