<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open-source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of globally distributed collaboration, with 1100+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are hiring a Web Engineering Manager to work collaboratively with many teams and roles across the organisation including product managers and other engineering teams to deliver reliable, scalable and delightful user experiences for users of Canonical products.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an Engineering Manager at Canonical, your primary responsibility is to the people you support: ensuring that they are growing as web engineers, doing valuable work, and generally having a great time at Canonical. As a lead for strong engineers, technical leadership and a solid background in web development is a must so that you’re able to challenge and grow your team members. You will have the opportunity to influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.</span></p>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.</p>
<h3>The role entails</h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrate sound engineering principles by directly contributing to your team’s goals</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Estimate work, set goals, and meet them</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Design and implement well-tested and documented software in Web technologies or Flutter.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Debug and fix issues encountered by your users</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Participate in our engineering process through code and architectural reviews</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with community and colleagues on technical specifications</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Contribute to technical documentation to make it the best of its kind</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Seek improvements to engineering and operations practices</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Deploy and operate services developed by the team</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Contribute to the success of your product through technical advocacy</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we are looking for in you</h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are knowledgeable and passionate about web and software development</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">An exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or STEM, or a compelling narrative about your alternative path</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Drive and a track record of going above and beyond expectations</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Well-organised, self-starting and able to deliver to schedule</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Professional manner in interacting with colleagues, partners, and community</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Experience designing and writing high-quality Web technologies</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with and passion for Typescript, React or Flutter</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">An eye for accessibility and performance</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Professional written and spoken English</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Linux (Debian or Ubuntu preferred)</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Passion, thoughtfulness, and self-motivation</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent communication and presentation skills</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to travel twice a year, for company events for up to two weeks each</li>
</ul>
<h3>Nice-to-have skills</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with container tech such as LXD, Docker and Kubernetes</li>
<li>Experience building and maintaining a talented team</li>
<li>REST API design, development and governance</li>
<li>Performance engineering and security experience</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we offer colleagues</h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Annual compensation review</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Recognition rewards</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Annual holiday leave</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3>About Canonical</h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h3>Canonical is an equal-opportunity employer</h3>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background creates a better work environment and better products.</span></em><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></em></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-Remote</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>