<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Embedded QA Engineer in SumUp's Hardware Tribe, you will be part of one of our small and highly skilled cross-functional teams and work together with Product Managers, Embedded Engineers, Mobile Engineers, and more. You will build sustainable solutions for testing and be accountable for the <strong>mobile testing tools</strong> that the QA team are building. Lastly, you will also be a critical decision maker in the design of <strong>hardware test infrastructures to run HIL tests</strong> and provide crucial support to software releases.</p>
<p>You should be an engineer with a product mindset who can fully own the features you are working on and remain flexible with changing priorities.</p>
<p><strong>The role is based on-site in our office in Berlin. We believe in the power of face-to-face conversations that happen organically when working next to one another.</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>You have probably used our<a href="https://sumup.co.uk/card-readers/"> card readers</a> to buy a cappuccino or pay your hairdresser already. In Hardware, we are passionate about creating these beautifully designed card payment devices and accessories that enable our merchants to start, run, and grow their own businesses. In doing so, we deal with a diverse range of engineering topics - industrial and electronic design, embedded systems, all the way to mobile apps and backend services.</p>
<p>We believe in open communication and constant learning over strict rules. If you're looking for the chance to innovate and help millions of small independent merchants succeed - join us!</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure that all new code of developers has the right quality and is compliant with selected best practices (in collaboration with the CL)</li>
<li>Build and maintain test infrastructure for HIL tests, with a <strong>strong emphasis on Embedded QA.</strong></li>
<li>Ensure that multiple types of tests cover the main features (especially UI, Mobile Application, and end to end tests)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure that new releases are delivered timely with the right quality&nbsp;</li>
<li>Evangelize a strong quality mindset within the Hardware tribe</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You'll be great for this position if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expertise in&nbsp;<strong>Embedded QA in Linux environment</strong></li>
<li>Experience with Object Oriented Programming (<strong>Python being a must</strong>)</li>
<li>Knowledge with REST APIs</li>
<li>Experience building test libraries</li>
<li>Expertise in testing and continuous integration strategies</li>
<li>Experience of manual testing, writing test cases and campaign management</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The opportunity to work on large scale fintech products used by millions of small businesses around the world</li>
<li>A dedicated annual Learning &amp; Development budget for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</li>
<li>Enrollment onto our virtual stock ownership program - you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</li>
<li>A corporate pension scheme&nbsp;</li>
<li>28 days paid leave + 1 for birthday&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’ll attend global offsites and/or hackathons.</li>
<li>You'd enjoy other great benefits such as Urban Sports Club subsidy, Kita placement assistance, subsidized office lunches and other location-tailored benefits, Babbel language platform subscription and more!</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>