<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe’s mission is to build the economic infrastructure for the internet. Risk and Compliance Engineering builds products to lower Stripe’s financial and regulatory risk at scale, while retaining a best in class user experience. We build user-facing products, and backend platforms to ensure Stripe’s users are compliant with regulatory and financial partner requirements. We protect Stripe’s brand while also protecting the company from financial losses that can put Stripe’s business at risk. The Risk TPM team is crucial to driving programs to address these challenges.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a Technical Program Manager in the Risk and Compliance space, you will play a key role across engineering, product, and strategy to drive programs that span across the Risk organisation and Stripe. You will be responsible for the successful definition, cross-functional strategy, planning and execution of large-scale technical programs that help to solve complex problems and empower Stripe and our users.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Execute on technical programs that require deep systems and engineering knowledge.</li>
<li>Partner with Engineering Managers, Product Managers and other cross functional partners to define, scope, and drive large programs to conclusion.</li>
<li>Develop, implement, and iterate on program management techniques, frameworks, and KPIs to achieve goals with well defined success criteria.</li>
<li>Make substantial improvements to how the teams you work with communicate and operate to significantly increase the productivity and efficiency of the teams.</li>
<li>Define and produce high quality written proposals, communications and documentation.</li>
<li>Leverage data and acquired knowledge to drive strategic decisions at an engineering leadership level.</li>
<li>Create widely circulated plans, driving consistency, clarity and building alignment across teams.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum Requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of software engineering, systems engineering and/or technical program management experience.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical skills; you digest complex information and make recommendations.</li>
<li>You have a track record of providing program management during all phases of software development from kick-off to launch, demonstrating critical thinking, challenging the norms and thought leadership.</li>
<li>You have very strong written and verbal communication skills, building strong relationships with stakeholders, teams and senior leaders around the organization.</li>
<li>You can drive internal and external process improvements across multiple teams and functions and bring a wealth of experience, opinions, proposals and best practices.</li>
<li>Experience operating autonomously and leading large-scale efforts across multiple teams and functions, with stakeholders in different disciplines across time zones.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in financial risk and compliance</li>
<li>SQL and python scripting and/or programming skills</li>
</ul>