<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Junior Business Development Representative&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Location:&nbsp;</strong>Singapore (3 days hybrid working)&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About Axiom:</strong></p>
<p>Axiom is where legal teams go to find the right talent for everything from routine in-house tasks to complex outside counsel work. Too many legal departments are stuck having to choose between paying the high fees of their law firm, hiring full-time employees they don’t need, or turning to a low-cost agency that can’t meet their quality standards. At the same time, top lawyers want to work on challenging legal matters, but they want more control over how, when, and where they practice. Both are forced compromises that no one should have to make. Axiom shares and meets the higher standards of its clients and lawyers, with our “work smarter, adapt faster, go further” approach – connecting growing mid-market and Fortune 500 companies with the world’s deepest bench of experienced, specialized legal talent.</p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>As we continue our expansion, we’re looking for a team member who can share Axiom’s story with prospective clients and set up revenue-generating meeting opportunities for the sales team. This is a position for an aspiring sales professional who is excited to jump-start their career as a Business Development Representative. Our ideal candidate is someone who loves to connect with sophisticated stakeholders, exhibits outstanding judgment, maturity, confidence, and professionalism, and thrives in a fast-paced and entrepreneurial environment within a close-knit team.</p>
<p>Specifically, this role will be responsible for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Strategically researching/identifying potential client contacts, generating leads, and uncovering high-value opportunities</li>
<li>Communicating Axiom’s business model to potential clients in an impactful way and demonstrating why a meeting with Axiom would be beneficial to their business</li>
<li>Driving business through outbound phone calls, preparing and sending strategic e-mails to prospective clients specific to their business or legal needs</li>
<li>Successfully diagnosing the client’s key business needs to ensure a high quality of interaction in the first sales meeting</li>
<li>Supporting Sales in all aspects of the sales cycle, including scheduling follow-up meetings and managing the pipelines of completed meetings to ensure all prospective clients are being contacted throughout the year</li>
<li>Working with local and central marketing teams to create external marketing materials to engage prospective clients.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<p>First and foremost, successful candidates must be fits for our unique operating environment and culture: high-growth, innovative, lean, and values-driven.&nbsp; As such, successful candidates must be ready to develop professionally, serious about pursuing a career in sales, and highly capable in each the following dimensions (among others): adaptability, curiosity, resourcefulness, analytical thinking/problem solving, proactivity, taking initiative, teamwork, thought leadership, credibility, and operating with/through a lean team.</p>
<p>Beyond these characteristics, here are the required skills, knowledge, capabilities, and education:</p>
<ul>
<li>Goal and action orientation, with a sense of urgency, drive, and commitment to routinely exceed monthly activity metrics</li>
<li>Exemplary service ethic when contributing to individual and team goals</li>
<li>Highly persuasive verbal communication skills, and excellent written communication skills</li>
<li>Poise, confidence, and maturity to interact with senior client levels</li>
<li>Tenacity and resilience with a will to keep going despite rejections</li>
<li>Forward-thinking and solutions-oriented approach at all times</li>
<li>Strong MS office skills</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree from an accredited school or equivalent experience</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br>Our new hires: &nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Receive hands-on coaching from a direct manager and a mentor.</li>
<li>Embrace real responsibility: tangible meeting goals, relationships with executive-level clients at Fortune 500 companies, and leadership opportunities.</li>
<li>Nurture their ongoing career goals inside of a talent-incubating team that has boasted over 15 promotions in the past 2 years.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Accommodation for Individuals with Disabilities: </strong>Upon request and consistent with applicable laws, Axiom will attempt to provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities who require an accommodation to participate in the application process. To request an accommodation to complete the application form, please contact us at <a href="mailto:benefits@axiomlaw.com">benefits@axiomlaw.com</a> and include “Applicant Accommodation” in the subject line.</p>
<p>#LI-JO1</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>