<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Technical Support Engineer 2.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to resolve technical issues for customers, ensure timely responses to support tickets, and maintain high standards of customer satisfaction.</p>
<p>As a Technical Support Engineer, you'll have the opportunity to grow your technical skills, tackle new challenges each day, and directly impact both customer experience and the efficiency of our support team. You will work in a high-volume environment, where your problem-solving abilities and collaborative spirit will play a vital role in reducing ticket backlogs and upholding our service level agreements.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues for Twilio customers via support tickets.</li>
<li>Manage high ticket volumes to ensure timely responses and resolution within SLAs.</li>
<li>Escalate complex incidents to internal teams and collaborate on solutions.</li>
<li>Document troubleshooting steps and customer interactions accurately.</li>
<li>Partner cross-functionally to improve support processes and customer outcomes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience in a technical support environment.</li>
<li>Schedule: ability to work non-standard, on-call rotation weekend and holiday hours.</li>
<li>Experience with troubleshooting customer issues.</li>
<li>Proficient in ticket management, customer service, and documentation.</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and technical aptitude.</li>
<li>Familiarity with APIs, data analysis tools, Zendesk, and Jira.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to manage competing priorities in a high-volume environment.</li>
<li>Effective cross-functional collaboration skills.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience supporting communications platforms or SaaS products.</li>
<li>Experience in a rapidly growing or high-change environment.</li>
<li>Previous remote or distributed team experience.</li>
<li>Experience with Looker, Zuora, ServiceNow, and payment processor tools.</li>
<li>Multilingual abilities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Ireland.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>