<p>We are looking for an experienced Partner Sales Manager to ignite partnerships by identifying and recruiting new partners for long-term success and nurture ongoing relationships with key strategic Global Systems Integrator partners. Our ultimate goal is building channels and alliances that drive new customer adoption and revenue. This is a great opportunity for you to join a high-growth cloud software company and help blaze the path for our company's expansion.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identify and recruit new strategic Global SI partners to drive revenue growth</li>
<li>Enable and activate existing GSI partners through training, planning and joint selling activities</li>
<li>Coordinate the technical and marketing aspects of integrated partnership launches</li>
<li>Host regular business reviews with partners to drive accountability and report on success metrics</li>
<li>Work hand-in-hand with Datadog’s regional enterprise and commercial sales organizations</li>
<li>Generate partner-sourced net-new sales pipeline and revenue<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of partner-facing, quota-carrying experience in business development, strategic alliances, or channel sales at a cloud services or software as a service organization</li>
<li>Proven experience in driving sales opportunities from lead generation to closure, effectively negotiating agreements and building long-lasting partnerships</li>
<li>Understanding of, and exposure to working with, the leading Global and regional SIs</li>
<li>Ability to quickly understand technical concepts and architectural scenarios, and explain them to others verbally and in writing</li>
<li>Willingness to travel 40-50% of the time</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial mindset with a passion for taking initiatives from ideation to impact</li>
<li>Passion for fast-paced, sometimes unpredictable growth culture and environment</li>
<li>Background in SaaS and / or consumption based software platforms</li>
<li>Experience in identifying market opportunities with a track record of initiating go-to-market plans and sales follow-through</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Entrepreneurial mindset with a passion for taking initiatives from ideation to impact</li>
<li>Passion for fast-paced, sometimes unpredictable growth culture and environment</li>
<li>Experience in identifying market opportunities with a track record of initiating go-to-market plans and sales follow-through</li>
<li>Background in SaaS and / or consumption based software platforms</li>
<li>Experience with systems management or monitoring</li>
<li>Experience with partnerships supporting Containers and/or DevOps, particularly in a cloud environment</li>
<li>Technical background/education</li>
</ul>
<p><br><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p><br><br><br><br></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>