<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><h4><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></h4>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Senior Network Engineer.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to help build, operate, and maintain the global corporate network infrastructure, VPN, ZTNA, and connectivity to our cloud-based systems. As part of the Identity and Network Trust team, you will monitor network performance to proactively respond to incidents. You will need to possess the technical knowledge to troubleshoot and perform root cause analysis for escalated connectivity issues. You also will collaborate with the security team and other engineering teams to develop a secured global network infrastructure.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build, operate and support the global Twilio IT network infrastructure.</li>
<li>Keep track of network assets, including network hardware and software.</li>
<li>Monitor the network performance, availability, utilization, throughput and latency, providing measurable metrics to the IT leadership team.</li>
<li>Work closely with stakeholder teams to determine current and future network needs.</li>
<li>Prioritize projects and work based on business priorities using the Scale Agile Framework (SAFe).</li>
<li>Develop methods and tools to be used to test and implement new LAN/WAN systems.</li>
<li>Analyze the current network structure and collaborate on how to make the network more efficient, scalable and sustainable.</li>
<li>Formulate strategies to maintain and upgrade network systems efficiently.</li>
<li>Respond to incidents, engage in network troubleshooting activities to determine root cause and resolve network issues.</li>
<li>Create and maintain documentation for network design, IT network standards and process.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience with building campus and/or data center network infrastructure, AWS cloud services and networking</li>
<li>5+ years of experience with Cisco LAN/WAN/Wifi and Palo Alto Networks firewalls</li>
<li>3+ years experience with AWS cloud services and networking</li>
<li>Advanced knowledge of IEEE 802 standards and core IETF networking protocols including 802.11 suite, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, routing and switching protocols</li>
<li>Hands on knowledge of network monitoring</li>
<li>Knowledge of network security to implement security policy for compliance</li>
<li>Proficient skill in WIndows, Mac, Linux client networking</li>
<li>Experience in troubleshooting network problems at different OSI model layer</li>
<li>University degree in computer science or equivalent experience</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Cisco CCNA/CCNP Certification</li>
<li>AWS certification</li>
<li>Zscaler Zero Trust Systems experience and/or certifications</li>
<li>Scripting language with API automation</li>
<li>Experience with infrastructure as code (IaC) using Terraform</li>
<li>Knowledge of ITIL framework and its application in a network environment</li>
<li>Project management skills</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be Remote and based in India (Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Maharashtra, Delhi)</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, approximately 15% travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way and perform job duties</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>