<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>KKR's Gurugram </strong>office provides best in class services and solutions to our internal stakeholders and clients, drive organization wide process efficiency and transformation, and reflect KKR's global culture and values of teamwork and innovation. The office contains multifunctional business capabilities and will be integral in furthering the growth and transformation of KKR.</p>
<p><strong>Team Overview</strong><br>KKR’s Global Payroll Operations team is responsible for the accurate and compliant delivery of payroll across all regions. This includes end-to-end payroll processing, statutory compliance, reporting, and ensuring adherence to local regulatory requirements .<br>The team partners closely with HR, Finance, and external vendors to ensure timely salary disbursements, resolve payroll queries, and maintain strong internal controls. In addition, the team focuses on process standardization, automation, and continuous improvement to enhance efficiency and support a consistent employee experience globally.</p>
<p><strong>Position Overview&nbsp;</strong><br>We are seeking a detail-oriented Associate to support Global business operations across multiple countries with a primary focus on EMEA regions, managing monthly payroll processes for France, Germany, Ireland, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, UAE, and the United Kingdom. The role requires strong analytical capabilities, effective cross-time-zone collaboration, and the ability to support the execution of regional initiatives, while ensuring accurate and timely payroll processing, compliance with country-specific regulations, and seamless coordination with regional teams.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong><br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Perform end-to-end Payroll Processing for EMEA regions<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;The role will require working in EMEA time zones to support regional teams<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Coordinating payroll information related to payroll demographics, maternity, sick leave, Salary Sacrifice, Pension and other benefits in kind in coordination with the Benefits team, HR, and other stakeholders<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Documenting payroll processes and procedures to ensure accuracy and compliance with local regulations.&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Suggesting process improvements to increase accuracy and efficiency<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Providing prompt and complete responses to employees and vendors on payroll-related questions<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Working closely with Treasury Department to forecast cash requirements to fund payrolls and ensure payroll funding is executed to payroll vendors and/or employees on time<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Assisting Accounting colleagues with questions related to payroll journal entries and account reconciliations<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Notifying management of errors and problems, proposes solutions, and work with management to implement solutions that balance the interest of employees and firm&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications &amp; Skills</strong><br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Minimum payroll experience of 2-3 years<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Bachelor’s degree in business, Finance, Economics, or related field.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Practical, hands-on Payroll processing experience, preferably across multiple countries&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Exposure to European or Middle Eastern markets&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Understanding of regulatory and cultural nuances across EMEA<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Strong analytical and problem-solving skills<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Proficiency in MS Excel, PowerPoint<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Strong attention to detail and organizational skills<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Experience working with international/ EMEA stakeholders is preferred<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Experience with Payroll-related systems&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Demonstrates a strong customer service mindset and the ability to engage effectively with stakeholders at all levels of management&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Proven ability to perform in a fast-paced environment with cyclical workloads and critical year-end deadlines</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>