<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>About the team:</strong></p>
<p>Strategy &amp; Innovation is a dynamic and independent research and development unit within Celonis, focused on pioneering groundbreaking business models and integrated business solutions. We operate with the agility and freedom of a startup, fostering rapid innovation cycles and clean slates. This unique environment empowers us to explore new technologies and experiment with cutting-edge solutions, offering the exciting opportunity to build from scratch and shape the future of business. Our department is composed of two divisions: Strategy (responsible for contributing a contextual outside-in perspective to create holistic strategic assets that drive outcomes across the organization) and Innovation (embodied by&nbsp;<em>Celonis Labs </em>and<em> Celonis Garage</em>, which concentrates on developing, validating and incubating ideas that can evolve into scalable solutions over time).<br><br></p>
<p><strong>The role</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Product Manager, you will shape the direction and execution of innovation across Celonis Labs, managing a diverse portfolio that spans exploratory products, new business solutions, and partner integrations. By tracking emerging trends and leveraging the latest cloud technologies and AI, you will transform bold ideas into tangible products. The pace is fast. The impact is wide.</p>
<p>You will work closely with our technology and customer engagement experts and guide innovation projects from problem identification through solution design and implementation. You will validate ideas and incubate the strongest ones. Your work will directly contribute to shaping the company strategy.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Discover and prioritize disruptive innovation opportunities by researching emerging technologies, industry trends, customer needs or partner opportunities to influence the innovation roadmap&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop robust business cases and scope E2E solution blueprints for new business models, translating complex requirements into detailed functional designs that integrate core product capabilities with third-party partner offerings</li>
<li>Embrace the opportunity of applying AI capabilities to visualize your ideas &amp; concepts with first prototypes to get early validation</li>
<li>Define project goals and own the end-to-end execution of validation strategies to test the technical, market, and strategic viability, integrating findings directly into functional requirements&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead cross-functional collaboration between Product, Engineering, and Go-to-Market teams to validate Labs research and steward prototypes to scalable implementation and production use</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven track record of 8+ years as a Product Manager or Solution Architect in a B2B high-growth SaaS or PaaS environments</li>
<li>Demonstrated passion for exploring uncharted territories and experience in shepherding early stage concepts through validation, incubation, and into production readiness</li>
<li>Ability and desire to understand and deeply research new and emerging technologies with a passion for experimentation in early-stage environments</li>
<li>A customer-centric mindset with a passion for understanding user needs and translating them into impactful customer experiences and executable work for technical teams</li>
<li>Ability to lead by example within cross-functional teams, acting as a strategic driver while remaining a hands-on executor. You do not wait. You drive</li>
<li>Strong analytical mindset with the ability to curate and present data for decision-making to senior business leaders</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>