<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><p>Speed is something we fight for every day at Intercom, and we believe Berlin is built for people who share that instinct. We are drawn to Berlin by its rare blend of deep technical talent and rich creative culture – all within a vibrant, globally connected city that’s close to our R&amp;D hubs in Dublin and London. It’s a place where the best of the best technical talent thrive, and where people from around the world are eager to relocate and build ambitious products.</p>
<p>Our ambition is to hire 100 people in Berlin over the year ahead across engineering, AI, data science, product, and design. We believe this is the most exciting time to join, be the founding R&amp;D talent in the region and make a lasting impact as we build the world's number one customer agent!</p>
<h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Intercom, you will be a product engineer - someone who solves real customer problems through a</span><a href="https://blog.intercom.com/run-less-software/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">smart and efficient application of your technical knowledge</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and your tools. You’ll be part of one of our multidisciplinary product teams, where you will build both back-end and front-end systems, and work closely with designers, product managers, researchers, and data analysts.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re facing many exciting scaling challenges and we’re building a robust platform where your expertise can be applied to areas such as building a beautiful messenger composer, rule matching, deliverability, security, app availability and machine learning, to name a few.&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an experienced engineer you will:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop technical plans and contribute to our technical architecture as we scale our products to serve tens of millions of people every day.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Write Ruby code, which knits together a lot of AWS, infrastructure, platform and SaaS technologies that form the core of Intercom’s backend infrastructure</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ship a change to production on your first day and a feature in your first week. That “day one” change is automatically deployed to production along with 100 other deployments (on average) each weekday.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Build using the best tools in the industry. We invest heavily in AI-powered developer tools that remove friction and help you focus on solving meaningful problems.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Grow your team’s capacity by mentoring other engineers and interviewing candidates. This is a chance to be an integral part of building and growing a team.</span></li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">4+ years of industry experience in a software engineering role, preferably building a SaaS product. You can demonstrate significant impact that your work has had on the product and/or the team.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep knowledge of a high-level programming language (for example, Ruby, Python, </span>Javascript etc.) but it doesn’t need to be a language that we use here! Great people are effective and learn what we use quickly (or introduce us to better ways of working)</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience collaborating directly with product teams and designers, and a proven track record of delivering value to customers or users. Engineers at Intercom are pragmatists who work closely with others on cross-disciplinary teams</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Distributed systems </span></li>
</ul>
<h2>What happens when I apply?&nbsp;</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">First, apply so we can review your CV. As the next step, we will send you our take-home test to work on in your own time. You can find more details on the questions and how we evaluate answers</span><a href="https://blog.intercom.io/how-we-hire-engineers-part-1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. The following step will be a phone interview with one of our engineers which will focus on technical and</span><a href="https://blog.intercom.io/how-we-hire-engineers-part-2-culture-contribution/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">culture contribution</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> questions (this step is sometimes broken down into 2 interviews). The final step is a virtual onsite interview.&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2 id="content">Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<div class=""><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</span>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary, annual bonus and equity</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Generous paid time off above statutory minimum</li>
<li>Hybrid working</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
<li>Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>