<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Company Description</strong>:&nbsp;Okta&nbsp;is the foundation for secure connections between people and technology. Our IT products uniquely use identity information to grant people access to applications on any device at any time, while still enforcing strong security protections. Our platform securely connects companies to their customers and partners. Today, thousands of organizations trust&nbsp;Okta&nbsp;to help them fulfill their missions as quickly as possible.</p>
<p>We are in search of a top tier International Accounting Supervisor who is highly motivated to learn and grow within a fast-paced organization. This role will be responsible for supervising the month-end close process, SOX compliance control execution and quarterly / annual audit process, as well as identifying and driving project-based work to provide process efficiencies for the general ledger team. The ideal candidate is a detail-oriented, communicative, self-motivated team player with a solid working knowledge of US GAAP, SEC regulations, and internal controls. Additionally, this individual thrives on process improvement and enjoys working in a challenging, collaborative environment to support our continued growth and success. <br><br>This role will be reporting to the International Accounting Manager – GL Accounting, and they will be required to work US (PST) hours.<br><br>Job Duties and Responsibilities:</p>
<ul>
<li>Perform various GL month-end close activities, including preparation and review of journal entries and balance sheet reconciliations for our International entities</li>
<li>Detail review and understanding of various areas such as T&amp;E Expense, Intercompany, Prepaids, Fixed Assets, and Expense Accruals for multiple cost centers (Legal, Accounting, Workplace, etc.)</li>
<li>Prepare and review Balance Sheet and P&amp;L fluctuation analyses and ability to dive into the details to further investigate any variances</li>
<li>Supervise, train, and develop the Manila accounting team</li>
<li>Evaluate process and system infrastructure, along with identifying and implementing process improvement opportunities</li>
<li>Provide a high level of customer service with finance and non-finance business partners by providing timely responses, financial insights and relevant reporting</li>
<li>Maintain and enhance the internal controls over accounting processes and systems</li>
<li>Assist in preparing internal and external financial reporting schedules</li>
<li>Support the quarterly reviews and annual audit requests and inquiries from our external auditors</li>
<li>Ad hoc accounting projects and requests, as needed</li>
</ul>
<p>Minimum Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree, emphasis in Accounting</li>
<li>8-12 years of combined public accounting (ex. Big 4) and private industry at a publicly traded company, with at least 2 years of supervisory experience</li>
<li>Solid working knowledge and application of US GAAP, IFRS, FRS, SEC regulations, and SOX/internal controls</li>
<li>Excellent management and supervisory skills</li>
<li>Strong problem solving, analytical, and organization skills</li>
<li>Ability to execute, follow-up, and ensure attention to detail</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal and communication (both verbal and written) skills</li>
<li>A team player, adept at building relationships across the organization</li>
<li>Ability to adhere to deadlines in a fast-paced environment, without losing accuracy</li>
<li>Strong systems knowledge, including the ability to quickly learn new systems</li>
<li>Proficient with Google Workspace (Gmail, Sheets, Docs) and Microsoft tools (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P18622\_3233248</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>