At BeReal, we are dedicated to authenticity in social media. By encouraging users to share unfiltered moments, we foster genuine connections and celebrate real life. We are now an international team of 70+ and have 40M+ monthly active users. Backed by Voodoo, our team is fully focused on scaling BeReal into an iconic social network used by hundreds of millions.

**Role**

The company is looking to grow its sales team around EMEA to drive ad sales to agencies and brands. As BeReal’s SMB Sales Lead, you will be responsible for designing and executing the strategy in order to sell our ad products to small and medium businesses in EMEA.

- Identify brands with key potential across all EMEA market
- Develop a strong business development strategy in order to maximize outbound and your pipeline
- Pitch, define, negotiate and close advertising campaigns
- Build awareness and adoption around BeReal ad offering with client presentations and networking events

## Profile

- You have 3 years+ of experience in digital ad sales with an outstanding track record in selling ad products to final clients.
- Social media mobile experience is a strong plus.
- You have a strong track record for outbound lead generation and business development.
- A high degree of creativity, self-motivation, and drive.
- An expert in managing a portfolio of clients and understanding the mobile ecosystem in a way that you can respond thoroughly and persuasively to the client’s needs and questions.
- Fluent in english, german is a strong plus

## Benefits

- Competitive salary upon experience
- Premium healthcare coverage, for your family is 100% borne by BeReal