<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2><strong>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>As a Mid-Market Relationship Manager (Account Manager), you will be a key member of the team leading the growth of our existing book of business in EMEA. We’re building a world-class sales organization, and the road ahead is going to be very exciting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Intercom, we are focused on building long lasting relationships with our customers. We are asking customers to put Intercom at the core of their businesses, and we can only do this by putting them at the core of ours. We strongly believe in the overall growth and continued development of each new hire. In joining the Relationship Management team at Intercom, you join a community that believes in development and promotion from within. As a rapidly expanding business, there is opportunity for progression, creativity, and ownership.<br><br></p>
<h2><strong>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Drive Pipeline and Revenue:</strong> Independently manage your pipeline by sourcing it through developing your accounts book and outbound efforts within large accounts.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Secure Customer Renewals:</strong> Proactively manage the renewal lifecycle for your book of business to ensure long-term partnership and success.</li>
<li><strong>Execute a Strategic Sales Process:</strong> Employ a structured, data-driven approach to your sales efforts, using data to prioritize activities and deliver accurate weekly forecasting.</li>
<li><strong>Act as a Consultative Partner:</strong> Utilize strategic selling skills like value selling and ROI analysis to solve customer problems. You will multithread within accounts and provide consistent, industry-specific advice throughout the sales and account life-cycle.</li>
<li><strong>Lead Cross-Functional Account Teams:</strong> Align and organize internal resources, such as Solution Engineers, CSMs, Product, Marketing to ensure complex deals are successfully closed.</li>
<li><strong>Master Product and AI Fluency:</strong> Develop a deep understanding of Intercom's product suite, particularly our AI capabilities, and articulate how our solution connects directly to customer KPIs and long-term value.</li>
<li><strong>Strengthen Customer Relationships:</strong> Build strong relationships with customers by understanding their support workflows, business metrics, and executive priorities, positioning yourself as a credible, long-term partner.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Proven Sales Experience:</strong> 5+ years in a B2B SaaS closing role, with a consistent track record of hitting and exceeding quota. Experience in CS, CX, or CRM is a significant advantage.</li>
<li><strong>Business Development Mindset:</strong> Demonstrable ability to proactively generate your own pipeline while effectively managing your overall book of business.</li>
<li><strong>Consultative and Strategic Acumen:</strong> Strong business acumen with experience in value-based selling, ROI articulation, and effective negotiation</li>
<li><strong>Technical and AI Curiosity:</strong> A commitment to autonomously learning about AI and technical concepts, with the ability to translate complex features into clear business outcomes for both technical and non-technical buyers.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Influence:</strong> The ability to lead and collaborate with internal teams, managing projects and keeping stakeholders informed to move deals forward.</li>
<li><strong>Exceptional Communication:</strong> Clear, concise written and verbal communication skills, with the proven ability to tailor your message to various audiences.Exceptional written and verbal communicator.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Growth Mindset:</strong> A high degree of coachability, intellectual curiosity, and a continuous drive for learning and self-improvement&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Bonus skills &amp; attributes:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Practical experience in Value Selling, Command of the Message, and/or MEDDPICC is a strong advantage.</li>
<li>Familiarity selling AI-enabled products or automation tools</li>
<li>Additional European languages are an advantage.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Benefits&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing AI business&nbsp;</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-RH1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>