<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The team:</strong></p>
<p>The Celonis Manufacturing Industry Practice is at the forefront of solving the industry’s most critical business challenges. With +100 Celonauts operating across our footprint of over 300+ manufacturing accounts, the Industry practice combines GTM, product and engineering into a cohesive ambition and strategy to help our clients achieve unparalleled value through our software. Tasked with scaling outcomes from the account level to the industry level, the team is defining, building and scaling products that are transforming how the most influential manufacturing companies run their business.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The role:</strong></p>
<p>As the Head of Industry - Manufacturing, you will be responsible for leading the vision, strategy and execution of our Manufacturing Industry Practice. You will own the outcome of the Industry Practice - working with GTM, product, AI, engineering teams, and external partners to build and scale software solutions that are at the heart of the manufacturing industry’s processes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be the face of our manufacturing industry internally and externally, and responsible for the success of the global community of clients, Celonauts, and partners.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<p>An extremely high level of autonomous leadership and entrepreneurship is required to succeed in this role. You must thrive as a leader within a nebulous problem space, moving seamlessly between sales, scoping, product and customer interactions and bringing the wide range of stakeholders along this journey. A bias towards action and build-first approach will be needed to lead in this fast-paced environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You will be expected to:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Define the vision for Celonis Manufacturing industry practice and translate this into a strategy and prioritised set of actions for the team.</li>
<li>Build and lead a cross-functional industry team across Value Engineering, Sales, AI Builders and define the processes/structure required to accelerate our impact within the industry.</li>
<li>Work side-by-side with customers to align our manufacturing solutions against their business strategy</li>
<li>Closely collaborate with leaders from our Product, Engineering &amp; GTM organizations to inform future product development based on customer feedback.</li>
<li>Identify and package scalable use cases across the Celonis platform, driving innovation and expanding our offerings</li>
<li>Enable internal teams and partners to help them position and deploy manufacturing solutions&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven record of building and leading a cross-functional team building software solutions against strategic manufacturing problems</li>
<li>High degree of entrepreneurship with experience of building in a 0 -&gt; 1 environment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellence in public speaking and external presentation</li>
<li>Proven experience developing software solutions for enterprises, with a strong portfolio showcasing successful use cases solving real-world problems.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to translate complex concepts into actionable insights for a wide array of stakeholders (from the board room to the end user).</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>