<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2><strong>What’s the opportunity?</strong></h2>
<p>Join Intercom as a Manager for our <strong>Scaled Relationship Management team in EMEA</strong>. This is a high-impact, first line leadership position focused on driving growth and retention across a broad and diverse portfolio of Intercom’s customers.</p>
<p>The Scaled RM team is the engine of our high-velocity customer business. You will lead a team of Relationship Managers who specialize in delivering value to a large volume of customers through a blend of high-touch outreach and scaled digital-first engagement strategies, to ensure our customers experience the full value of our industry-leading AI solutions.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What will I be doing?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Lead and Develop a High-Performing Team:</strong> Build and lead a team of EMEA Scaled Relationship Managers, coaching them to provide world-class service and grow revenue through renewals, cross-sells, and up-sells</li>
<li><strong>Drive operational Excellence at Scale:</strong> Innovate on processes and playbooks to manage a high volume of accounts efficiently. You will define the operating cadence, look for opportunities to better serve this customer segment, and ensure the team can execute flawlessly on scaled GTM motions</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Planning:</strong> Translate high-level strategy into actionable goals for the scaled segment, focusing on territory plans that maximize impact across a large customer base</li>
<li><strong>Forecasting and Accountability:</strong> Drive accuracy in revenue forecasting and team performance metrics, ensuring the team consistently meets or exceeds growth targets</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What skills do I need?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in achieving and exceeding individual contributor goals in a revenue owning and closing role within a Saas or AI organisation.</li>
<li>At least 1 year of experience managing a team of individual contributors.</li>
<li>A strong operational mindset with a proven track record of designing and implementing scalable processes for high-volume environments.</li>
<li>Passion for coaching and developing people, with the ability to lead a team through a high-growth, fluid environment.</li>
<li>Able to combine great people intuition, business judgment and discretion in decision-making.</li>
<li>The ability to handle multiple projects and competing priorities (ability to make trade-offs effectively) and adapt rapidly to a fluid, high-growth environment.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, suitable for engaging with executives, internal stakeholders, and a broad customer base.</li>
<li>Familiarity with Command of the Message and MEDDPICC (or similar sales methodology).</li>
<li>Genuine excitement for AI and its transformative potential in customer service.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up.</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen.</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%.</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents.</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy.</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones.</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too.</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-RH1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>