<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><p><em><strong>This is not an active job opening, but a way for us to connect with talent as we plan for future opportunities. If you’re not interested in interviewing for a role that isn’t currently open, we kindly ask that you wait until an active position aligns with your career goals.</strong></em></p>
<p>We’re always looking for exceptional talent to join us in our mission to make work accessible for everyone, everywhere. While this specific role isn’t currently open, we’re planning for strategic growth in 2025 and beyond. This posting is part of our Future Opening pipeline initiative, which helps us connect with outstanding professionals early on.</p>
<p>By expressing your interest in this role, you’ll have the opportunity to start a conversation with us about your expertise and learn more about Remote’s vision and goals. Being part of our Evergreen Pipeline means staying top of mind for future roles that align with your skills and experience. It’s also a chance to explore how your career goals might fit into Remote’s exciting journey of global growth.&nbsp;We’ll keep your information on file for 1 year and be in touch if we see a match in that time.</p>
<h2>What this role can offer you</h2>
<p>Step into a pivotal role at Remote, where you’ll be contributing to shaping the future of global employment.</p>
<p>As a Specialist in our Onboarding Operations team within EOR Operations, you’ll have the unique opportunity to make a meaningful impact by enhancing the onboarding journey for our clients new employees across the globe. You’ll thrive in a collaborative, agile environment where your insights and dedication to excellence will drive real change.</p>
<p>You will be reporting to the <strong>Manager, Onboarding Operations.</strong></p>
<h2><strong>What you bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Extensive Operations Experience</strong>: You have a strong background in operational roles, with a solid understanding of people operations (experience in employment and legal contracting is key).</li>
<li><strong>Contract Knowledge</strong>: Proficiency in handling employment contracts and similar legally binding documents, particularly within the HR or people management space.</li>
<li><strong>Adaptability</strong>: You excel in fast-paced, cross-functional settings, ideally within startups or high-growth companies, and are energised by evolving challenges.</li>
<li><strong>Team-Oriented Mindset</strong>: A true collaborator who values team success and demonstrates a strong sense of ownership. You work well independently and seek support proactively when needed.</li>
<li><strong>Exceptional Communication Skills</strong>: High proficiency in written and spoken English at business level, with a keen eye for detail and clarity in documentation and communication, ensuring information is conveyed accurately and professionally across diverse audiences. Additional languages considered a plus.</li>
<li><strong>Tech-Savvy and Adaptable</strong>: Skilled in using various collaboration tools for effective asynchronous work, with the agility to learn and adjust to new and evolving systems.</li>
<li><strong>Independent and Collaborative</strong>: Able to work autonomously and seamlessly within an international, fast-paced, remote team, balancing multiple priorities. Open to flexible hours to support global needs as required.</li>
<li><strong>Familiarity with Key Tools</strong>: Exposure to communication, documentation, and project management platforms like Notion, Slack, Zendesk, and Google Workspace (G-Suite) or similar.</li>
<li><strong>Knowledge and Content Management</strong>: Skilled in organising, maintaining, and updating knowledge and content resources to ensure accessibility and accuracy, supporting both team efficiency and seamless information flow.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Key Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Lead the Onboarding Journey</strong>: Manage the onboarding process for new employees with a focus on compliance and seamless documentation, including verification and preparation of employment packages.</li>
<li><strong>End-to-End Ownership</strong>: Take charge of the entire employee onboarding lifecycle, meeting all operational requirements to ensure a smooth and successful experience, while adeptly addressing employee queries throughout the process.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration</strong>: Work closely with Mobility, Benefits, Lifecycle, and Payroll teams to deliver a smooth experience for both clients and their employees.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Improvement</strong>: Constantly seek and implement enhancements to the onboarding experience, anticipating and addressing evolving needs.</li>
<li><strong>Data Expertise</strong>: Manage and maintain employee data, ensuring information accuracy, security, and compliance with confidentiality standards.</li>
<li><strong>Support Compliance Initiatives</strong>: Contribute to reporting, audits, and data integrity projects to uphold our commitment to operational excellence.</li>
<li><strong>Drive Automation</strong>: Identify and champion automation opportunities to streamline onboarding processes, boosting efficiency and scalability.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Practicals</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong>&nbsp;Manager, Onboarding Operations</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong>&nbsp;EOR Operations : Onboarding</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: EMEA</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Interview with recruiter</li>
<li>Interview with joint Managers, Onboarding</li>
<li>Interview with Executive - Senior Manager, Onboarding Operations</li>
</ol><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$28,200</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$71,400 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>