<p><strong>About Fetch</strong></p>
<p>At <a href="https://www.fetchpet.com/"><strong>Fetch</strong></a>, we’re dedicated to helping pets live their healthiest and happiest lives. Our comprehensive insurance coverage is designed with modern pet parents in mind, and we’re proud to support the veterinary, shelter, and breeder communities. We believe in ensuring pets receive the best care possible and are committed to making that vision a reality every day.</p>
<p>Fetch is a high-growth <a href="https://warburgpincus.com/"><strong>Warburg Pincus</strong></a> portfolio company with an expanding team of over 350 pet-loving employees working together to shape the future of pet health and wellness.</p>
<p><strong>About the Industry</strong></p>
<p>The pet insurance industry is more important than ever, offering peace of mind and financial protection for pet owners. The sector is expanding quickly, fueled by growing awareness of the need for accessible, high-quality veterinary care. With advances in veterinary medicine, pets now have access to the most effective treatments available, making pet insurance an essential component of modern pet care.</p>
<p><em>Property &amp; Casualty License Required&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>Fetch Pet Insurance, a tech-enabled pet wellness company, has consistently been an innovative leader in the pet insurance industry, offering the most extensive and all-inclusive pet insurance and health advice.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Put simply, Fetch makes vet bills affordable. We offer a comprehensive product that does not have any restrictions based on breed, age, or size. We are believers in helping pets get through their bad days but also focus on extending the good days. How do we do that? – through a wide portfolio of products + offerings, which include Fetch Health Forecast, our pet health and lifestyle blog, The Dig, and our partnerships with Project Street Vet and animal no-kill shelters across North America.</p>
<p>At Fetch, you are a part of that innovation. We value transparency among our coworkers and always have an open line of communication. Ask anyone who works here, it is an all-hands-on-deck, cross-functional, collaborative effort, where you will be able to interact with brilliant, creative, like-minded individuals who have an equally immense passion for pets.</p>
<p><strong>JOB OVERVIEW&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>The Member Experience Associate III role is for highly skilled support experts with a proven record of performance and product mastery. These individuals are senior subject matter experts who set the standard for excellence within the Customer Experience team by managing the most complex and sensitive policyholder interactions. An active Property and Casualty license is required for two years. A minimum of three years of call center experience is required.</p>
<p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Manage complex, escalated, and critical policyholder issues (e.g., billing disputes, complex claims, policy changes) to deliver effective, compliant, and first-call-resolutions.</li>
<li>Serve as a subject matter expert and policy resource for the entire team, providing real-time peer mentorship and in-depth guidance on complex policy features, coverage options, and regulatory requirements.</li>
<li>Assist leadership in piloting new service strategies and understanding complex customer interaction trends by proactively identifying service gaps and procedural inefficiencies.</li>
<li>Model best practices for communication, customer education, and quality assurance, ensuring customers fully understand the value of their pet insurance investment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A minimum of five (3) years in a call center environment</li>
<li>Expert-level communication and negotiation skills with the ability to navigate emotionally charged conversations and complex objections</li>
<li>Advanced understanding of customer lifecycle, competitive positioning, and value articulation in subscription-based or insurance products</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to analyze data and trends to inform retention strategy and decision-making</li>
<li>Comfortable acting as a peer mentor, trainer, and strategic contributor without formal leadership authority</li>
<li>High degree of professionalism, empathy, and composure under pressure</li>
<li>Strong business acumen with the ability to align individual actions to organizational performance metrics</li>
<li>Proficient in CRM systems, analytics dashboards, G-Suite, and call management tools</li>
<li>Bilingual candidates (English/Spanish) encouraged to apply</li>
<li>Must hold and maintain a General Lines Property &amp; Casualty (P&amp;C) license across multiple states; company will sponsor licensing where applicable</li>
</ul>
<p>As a company, we understand the importance of work-life balance and prioritize the mental health + well-being of our employees, ensuring you can thrive both professionally and personally.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>COMPENSATION</strong></p>
<p>This is a full-time position, employees receive competitive compensation.</p>
<p>Hourly base: $21.50 - 25.00, plus bonus&nbsp;</p>
<p>Not just pets, we want our employees to live their best lives, too — here at Fetch, you will have:</p>
<ul>
<li>401k matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>PTO - 20 days accrued annually, 9 holidays, 1 floating holiday&nbsp;</li>
<li>One additional day of PTO is added each year on your anniversary with the company; a maximum of 30 days</li>
<li>Volunteering - eligible to earn up to 8 floating holiday hours per calendar year&nbsp;</li>
<li>Educational Assistance Programs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Department incentive perks&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fetch Pet Insurance discount - 50% off, up to $2000 savings/year</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WORK-FROM-HOME SET-UP</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Subscription to a reliable high-speed internet connection (minimum of 100 Mbps download and 30 Mbps upload speed)</li>
<li>A quiet, dedicated place to work in your home that is not easily disrupted by background noises or regular distractions</li>
<li>Office space must be large enough to accommodate two 19” monitors, a laptop, mouse, keyboard, and headset.</li>
<li>Ability to set up and connect (with instructions and remote IT team assistance) equipment that is shipped to your home</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are passionate about furry friends and eager to educate pet owners on the value of protecting their beloved companions, this job is perfect! Join us at Fetch, where we help pets live their best lives and empower our employees to live theirs.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits &amp; Perks</strong></p>
<p>At Fetch, we recognize the importance of work-life balance and prioritize our employees' mental health and well-being, ensuring everyone can flourish both professionally and personally. Not just pets, we want our employees to live their best lives too — here at Fetch, you have access to the valuable benefits listed below.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, dental, and vision plan for you and your family</li>
<li>Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) and Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) are available&nbsp;</li>
<li>Highly competitive 401(k) matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Generous 20-day PTO Policy, with rollover options. Earn an additional day of PTO each year on your anniversary with Fetch, for a maximum of 30 days</li>
<li>Paid company (9) holidays, including (1) floating holiday</li>
<li>Fetch Pet Insurance discount - up to 50% off, up to $1,000 savings/year</li>
<li>Educational Assistance Program</li>
<li>Fetch Discount Perks Program</li>
<li>Volunteering - earn up to 8 hours per calendar year at nonprofit organizations</li>
<li>NYC Office Amenities: Pet-friendly environment, free lunch, snacks, and additional amenities; transit accessible</li>
<li>Employee Referral Incentive</li>
<li>Tuition Assistance</li>
<li>Commuter Benefits</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program (EAP)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Recruiting Fraud Alert</strong></p>
<p>At Fetch, your personal information and online safety are paramount. Please be aware that only Fetch Recruiters and Hiring Managers will contact you regarding your application or background. All official communications from Fetch employees will originate from a fetchpet.com email address. You will never be asked for payments, financial details, or sensitive information like social security numbers by our Recruiters or Hiring Managers.</p>
<p><strong>EEO Statement</strong></p>
<p><strong>Fetch is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong></p>
<p>We’re committed to building a workplace that reflects the diversity of pet parents everywhere—hiring and developing individuals from all backgrounds and experiences to strengthen our inclusive, collaborative culture. We welcome applications from all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, age, marital status, appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, disability, medical condition, student status, political affiliation, military or veteran status, citizenship, genetic information, or any other status protected by law. Fetch will provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities throughout the hiring process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you need assistance or an accommodation to apply, please contact us at people@fetchpet.com</p>
<p><br>Read our Privacy Notice for <a href="https://www.fetchpet.com/privacy-policy#Cali">California Residents</a></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$21.50</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$28.85 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p></p>
<p><strong>Recruiting Fraud Alert</strong></p>
<p>At Fetch, your personal information and online safety are paramount. Please be aware that only Fetch Recruiters and Hiring Managers will contact you regarding your application or background. All official communications from Fetch employees will originate from a fetchpet.com email address. You will never be asked for payments, financial details, or sensitive information like social security numbers by our Recruiters or Hiring Managers.</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>EEO Statement</strong></p>
<p><strong>Fetch is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong></p>
<p>We’re committed to building a workplace that reflects the diversity of pet parents everywhere—hiring and developing individuals from all backgrounds and experiences to strengthen our inclusive, collaborative culture. We welcome applications from all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, age, marital status, appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, disability, medical condition, student status, political affiliation, military or veteran status, citizenship, genetic information, or any other status protected by law. Fetch will provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities throughout the hiring process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you need assistance or an accommodation to apply, please contact us at people@fetchpet.com</p>
<p><br>Read our Privacy Notice for <a href="https://www.fetchpet.com/privacy-policy#Cali">California Residents</a></p>
<p></p></div>