<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We’re looking for experienced Software Engineers to join various teams within the Merchant Group at Wolt! If you have a strong track record of building and maintaining scalable, production-grade systems and want to drive impact at scale, this is the place for you.</p>
<h2><strong>Who We Are</strong></h2>
<p>The Merchant Group consists of 150+ engineers across 25+ cross-functional teams, working together to help merchants grow their businesses and streamline operations through innovative technology. Some of us focus on building seamless experiences for our merchants, while others work on the behind-the-scenes magic that makes everything run smoothly.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<p>As an engineer in our group, you’ll work on production-level microservices in Kotlin and Go, helping shape how merchants succeed with Wolt. You’ll have opportunities to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Design, build, and scale reliable systems that power merchant experiences.</li>
<li>Work across the full development lifecycle – from business logic and testing to cloud infrastructure and data streaming.</li>
<li>Collaborate on architecture and technology choices that keep our systems simple, scalable, and efficient.</li>
<li>Grow your skills and knowledge by working alongside experienced teammates in an environment that values learning and experimentation.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>How We Work</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Autonomy &amp; Ownership – Our engineers have end-to-end responsibility for their services, from implementation to production.</li>
<li>Collaboration – Architecture and working methods are defined together, ensuring we make the best choices for long-term success.</li>
<li>Scalability &amp; Simplicity – We value pragmatic solutions that keep our systems robust without unnecessary complexity. We use technologies that serve Wolt, our teams, and our engineers best. You’ll have the freedom to experiment and adopt the tools that work.</li>
</ul>
<p>Find out more by checking out our Kotlin-related Tech Talks below:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNHlHXeIOFw">Scaling Kotlin Backend Development Podcast&nbsp;</a></p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>
<p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLguFXrFRjbcOvDywb9vSNS9gL6M93i3Zz">Kotlin at Wolt</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLguFXrFRjbcM7\_Cxy5xPYTSlx2QGpqVr\_">Kotlin Meetup</a></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our Tech Stack</strong></h2>
<p>Our core technologies include Kotlin (Ktor, Koin, Spring, gRPC), PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Kafka, Redis, GitHub Actions, AWS, Docker, and Kubernetes.</p>
<h2><strong>Why Join Us?</strong></h2>
<p>Wolt is a place where you can learn, teach, and grow. If you’re passionate about building great technology and working in an environment that values teamwork and autonomy, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p>📍These open roles are based in our tech hubs in Helsinki or Stockholm. We work in distributed teams, but might not be able to offer fully remote work or relocation.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<p>We’re seeking experienced Software Engineers with a strong background in building scalable microservices. While Kotlin is our primary language, experience with Java, Scala, or other JVM backend languages is great. As we are exploring Go, we're looking for people who are confident in their ability to learn and teach! 🛠️</p>
<p>Beyond technical expertise, we value ownership, collaboration, and a mindset for growth. We think you're a great communicator who thrives in tackling complex challenges, questioning conventions, and working closely with teammates to build reliable, scalable systems. 🚀</p>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>We are hiring for multiple open positions across different teams in the Merchant Group. During the initial screening call our Talent Acquisition Partner will discuss with you your expectations and possible domain preferences as well as share more about the group. After the recruiter screening call, during the rest of the interviewing steps, you’ll meet hiring managers and software engineers from the Merchant group, a specific team being proposed at the end of the process - that’s the moment when you’ll get to meet your possible Team Lead. Throughout the process, we will do our best to match your experience, skills, and aspirations with the most suitable Engineering team!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>