<p><strong>Stardate:&nbsp;</strong>March 2026</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About AlphaSights</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights was born with a purpose: to unlock human knowledge and power progress. From our state-of-the-art offices in nine major world cities, we connect business leaders seeking knowledge with the experts who possess it. We’re one of the fastest-growing global companies, employing 1800+ colleagues of 60+ nationalities.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Do</strong></p>
<p>We operate at the heart of the global knowledge economy, providing a suite of knowledge-on-demand services to investment funds, consultancies, Fortune 500 companies and nonprofits. Our clients use our services when evaluating critical investment and business decisions. We connect them with industry experts who possess specific knowledge that is otherwise unavailable to them.</p>
<p>We’re a fast-paced, client-driven service organization. We respond to client inquiries within minutes and deliver within hours. When deadlines are tight, and when robust insight is make or break, our clients count on us.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p>The Finance team at AlphaSights is an expanding, global function responsible for planning, accounting, controlling and, ultimately, enabling our fast-paced business. The team is divided into a number of subteams, including Accounts Payable, Billing &amp; Receivables, Commercial Finance, Group Accounting, FP&amp;A, Treasury, and Tax, who work closely together to support all of our 9 offices, from Tokyo to San Francisco.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>Based in our London office, you will have a broad range of responsibilities, ranging from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Assisting with the preparation of monthly group management accounts which includes consolidating multiple overseas trading entities;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Review of detailed balance sheet reconciliations prepared by the accounting function on a monthly basis to ensure quality and accuracy;</li>
<li>Preparation of central reconciliations for complex accounting areas such as revenue recognition of partially supplier customer contracts and capitalisation of software development costs;</li>
<li>Maintenance of the Finance ledger system (currently Workday Financials), including security administration and/or business process administration related tasks. Appropriate levels of training will be provided.</li>
<li>Preparation of the statutory financial statements for main UK entities on Caseware software;</li>
<li>Assisting in deliverables for the UK and overseas entities’ year-end audit, ensuring deadlines are met;</li>
<li>Assisting with identifying and implementing control based improvements or optimizing productivity through process recommendations within the finance function;</li>
<li>Supporting the Group Accountant and Group FC in preparing various technical memorandums. The business currently reports on UK GAAP;</li>
<li>Supporting the Senior Finance Leadership team with the decision-making process and any ad hoc requests.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Look For</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights welcomes candidates with different backgrounds and experiences. Here are some qualities that many of our successful applicants possess:</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong accounting background gained from previous work experience;</li>
<li>Newly qualified ACA qualification or equivalent;</li>
<li>Exceptional excel skills;</li>
<li>Excellent accounts preparation skills (preferably strong Caseware background);</li>
<li>Strong project management skills;</li>
<li>The drive and resilience to deliver excellent service amidst tight timelines and changing circumstances;</li>
<li>Growth mindset: the ability to develop in your role over time and view setbacks as learning opportunities.</li>
</ul>
<p>Are you hesitant to submit an application because you're not sure if you check every box? Apply anyway! We’d love to hear from you and see how you can drive impact in our firm.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You Can Expect</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A fast-paced environment with measurable deliverables and a focus on results;</li>
<li>High level of autonomy and ownership of role from day one;</li>
<li>A professional development team that works to ensure that you’re supported on a clear career trajectory both within our firm and beyond;</li>
<li>A team-oriented, strongly supportive culture emphasizing transparency; continuous feedback, professional development, and celebrating wins;</li>
<li>Comprehensive medical benefits (health, vision, and dental);</li>
<li>Perks such as complimentary breakfast &amp; snacks, corporate gym rates, and up-to-date equipment (iPhone and a Windows laptop) for work.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at AlphaSights</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal opportunity employer. Read more about our commitment to DEI&nbsp;<a href="https://www.alphasights.com/about#our-impact">here</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>