<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>As a <strong>Senior Developer Relations Manager, Japan</strong> you will own the strategy, execution, and outcomes for Roblox developer growth strategies of Japan.&nbsp; You will work directly with large publishers, developers, emerging studios, and industry partners across Japan to drive adoption, accelerate development, and build long-term ecosystem relationships.</p>
<p>You will serve as a strategic partner to developers, represent Roblox at industry events, and collaborate cross-functionally with Product, Marketing, Creator, and International teams to scale Roblox as a destination for high-quality, game development.</p>
<p><strong>You Will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively set team goals, monitor progress and conversation trends with key partners.</li>
<li>Partner with data scientists, product, engineering and leaders across the company.</li>
<li>Become the voice of your partners, identifying and quantifying the critical action items that will impact our product growth in the region.</li>
<li>Communicate risk factors of the region and make difficult decisions.</li>
<li>Actively share reports to reflect the impact of your work with the company.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in Japanese and English.</li>
<li>BA or BS degree or equivalent</li>
<li>Based in Japan or willing to relocate.</li>
<li>6+ years of experience in technical project management.</li>
<li>Able to proactively communicate with all key stakeholders.</li>
<li>Experienced with launching a technical product in international markets.</li>
<li>Experienced with using Roblox Studio or another game development engine. (eg. Unity or Unreal)</li>
<li>A researcher with a unique skill set to quickly ramp up and understand your target audience needs.</li>
<li>Passionate, full of positive energy, and a role model to others.</li>
<li>Driven by teamwork, naturally encourages people to work together.</li>
<li>Able to lead by example, building a clear high-level strategy and holding yourself and others accountable to the long-term company vision.</li>
<li>Data and feedback driven, your decisions are inspired by the product usage, the users’ qualitative insights, and your expertise<strong>.</strong></li>
<li>Communication focused with excellent verbal and written skills.</li>
<li>Self-Directed with the ability to establish your work and processes.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>