## Your Mission

Are you passionate about improving how people work and how teams operate? We’re looking for a driven and hands-on working intern to join our HR team, handling our core HR systems and optimizing internal processes.<br>Successful candidates will demonstrate strong technical acumen, excellent communication skills, and a proactive approach to problem-solving. During your internship you are improving how people work through smart systems and you’ll help optimize HR processes through system enhancements. <br>The role is based in our Berlin office (near Westhafen) with opportunity to work from home a few days per week.

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

<strong>What you’ll do</strong><br><ul><li>Develop in-depth knowledge of our MBition HR full life-cycle operations and HR technology eco-system</li><li>Support the day‑to‑day operation and continuous improvement of HR systems (e.g. HRIS, ticketing tool, reporting) </li><li>Identify opportunities to increase efficiency, data quality, and user experience through system changes </li><li>Support the implementation, testing, and rollout of a global HRIS</li><li>Create and maintain process documentation, user guides, and decision templates </li><li>Independently lead small HR systems or process improvement projects, including planning, coordination and communication </li><li>Support HR leadership and project teams with analyses, reports, and ad‑hoc requests</li><li>Some administrative tasks that support team operations are an expected part of the role</li></ul> <br><strong>What you’ll learn</strong><br><u>Tech behind the scenes</u>: How HR systems landscapes are designed, integrated, and governed in a complex, international corporate environment<br><u>Prioritization</u>: Efficient maneuvering through a multitude of tasks, responsibilities, names, tools and expectations<br><u>Results-oriented work</u>: The perfect solution is not always the best solution. You’ll learn evaluating work approaches and results based on our needs (people focus, business strategy, corporate necessity)

## Your Profile

<ul><li>You are currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s program (HR, Economic Science, Business Administration, or a related field is a plus)</li><li>Strong hands-on mentality: you’re proactive, adaptable, and not afraid to take on a variety of tasks</li><li>Organized and detail-oriented, with an eye for process efficiency</li><li>Tech savvy with an affinity to experiment, test, fail, rinse and repeat</li><li>Ideally experience in working with HR Information System or similar enterprise applications</li><li>Fluent in English; German is a plus</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>Opportunity to work in a fast-paced, international HR environment</li><li>Gain practical experience in both operational and strategic HR functions</li><li>Contribute directly to impactful, real-world improvements</li><li>Flexible working hours that adapt to your university schedule</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including:  <br><ul><li>Earliest start date </li><li>CV</li><li>Relevant References</li></ul> <br>You don’t bring everything with you? Don’t worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!<br> We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and workplaces offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.