<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong><strong>Associate, Procurement</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Available Start Date: September 2026</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About AlphaSights</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights was born with a purpose: to unlock human knowledge and power progress. From our state-of-the-art offices in nine major world cities, we connect business leaders seeking knowledge with the experts who possess it. We’re one of the fastest-growing global companies, employing 1500+ colleagues of 60+ nationalities.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What we do</strong></p>
<p>We operate at the heart of the global knowledge economy, providing a suite of knowledge-on-demand services to investment funds, consultancies, Fortune 500 companies and nonprofits. Our clients use our services when evaluating critical investment and business decisions. We connect them with industry experts who possess specific knowledge that is otherwise unavailable to them.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p>Procurement occupies a business critical position at AlphaSights, where our supplier relationships are directly linked to revenue generation, cost control and risk management. We view procurement not as a central policing function, but rather as a value-driving strategic partner within the business. This is an ideal opportunity for a young procurement professional to make their mark on a dynamic firm.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About this role </strong></p>
<p>This is an entry-level role for fresh graduates, based in our London office and reporting to one of our Procurement Category Managers. Sitting within the global Procurement &amp; Finance function, and working closely with senior stakeholders across the business, you will be involved in the management of tail spend across all procurement categories while supporting the Procurement Category Managers on strategic projects from time to time.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<p>You will have a broad range of responsibilities, ranging from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Stakeholder Management: Collaborating with (and challenging when appropriate) stakeholders from all departments and offices to ensure optimal buying and supplier management.</li>
<li>Cost Analysis and Supplier Negotiation: Analysing supplier quotations considering business requirements, proposing ways to optimise the purchases, and negotiating these with suppliers.</li>
<li>Supplier Onboarding: Ensuring suppliers meet all necessary conditions to work with (e.g. Know Your Supplier and Data Security), and implementing contracts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Procurement&nbsp;Administration: Performing administrative tasks on various procurement resources, including the procurement system and supplier folders.</li>
</ul>
<p>The position offers the opportunity to take on responsibility in your role, and with time, the chance to progress within the team, and receive full support with your CIPS qualification.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights welcomes candidates with different backgrounds and experiences. Here are some qualities that many of our successful applicants possess:</p>
<ul>
<li>Organisation and Adaptability: You have excellent planning and organisational skills, and are open to adjusting your approach and workflows to meet evolving organisational needs in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Interpersonal Skills: You have strong verbal and written communication that confidently and clearly conveys your message to suppliers and internal stakeholders.</li>
<li>Analytical and&nbsp;Commercial Mindset: You have a keen eye for detail, the ability to use data (proficiency in Excel/Google Sheets), and an eagerness to understand and challenge suppliers’ commercial models.</li>
<li>Prior Experience: You’ve gained hands-on experience from a structured internship or placement in (for example) Procurement, Supply Chain, Finance or Analytics.</li>
<li>Education: Bachelor's Degree (obtained by the role start date) and English proficiency.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you can expect</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High level of autonomy and ownership of the role from day one</li>
<li>A team-oriented, strongly supportive culture emphasizing transparency, continuous feedback, professional development, and celebrating wins.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Total first-year compensation is £34,000&nbsp;</li>
<li>4% matched pension contribution on qualified earnings</li>
<li>Comprehensive private health insurance coverage and dental insurance</li>
<li>25 vacation days, 8 bank holidays, and business closure over the Christmas break</li>
<li>Option to WFH Thursday &amp; Friday</li>
<li>State-of-the-art office with amenities in the City of London</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal-opportunity employer. Please note that we are unable to sponsor visas for this position.</p>
<p>#LI-GF1</p>