May Mobility is transforming cities through autonomous technology to create a safer, greener, more accessible world. Based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, May develops and deploys autonomous vehicles (AVs) powered by our innovative Multi-Policy Decision Making (MPDM) technology that literally reimagines the way AVs think.
Our vehicles do more than just drive themselves - they provide value to communities, bridge public transit gaps and move people where they need to go safely, easily and with a lot more fun. We're building the world's best autonomy system to reimagine transit by minimizing congestion, expanding access and encouraging better land use in order to foster more green, vibrant and livable spaces. Since our founding in 2017, we've given more than 500,000 autonomous rides to real people around the globe. And we're just getting started. We're hiring people who share our passion for building the future, today, solving real-world problems and seeing the impact of their work. Join us.
Job Summary
May Mobility is looking for a Corporate Counsel to join and support our Legal team and serve as a trusted business partner across the organization. This is a high-impact, hands-on role for a versatile attorney who thrives in a fast-paced, growth-stage environment. You will negotiate and manage supplier and commercial agreements, help build and maintain compliance programs, review press releases and marketing blogs, and provide practical legal guidance on a range of issues that arise as we scale our autonomous vehicle operations worldwide.
The ideal candidate brings subject matter expertise in one or more of the following areas: regulatory affairs, safety and product liability, data privacy,  
  
Please mention the word \*\*CONTRIBUTION\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.