<div class="description content">
<p>Thoughtworks is seeking industry- and market-relevant business development&nbsp;professionals to join and lead a sector of our client growth in the ANZ region. Business&nbsp;Development Managers at Thoughtworks are responsible for developing and securing a&nbsp;pipeline of new opportunities and building relationships with both new clients and in new&nbsp;areas of existing client organizations. As a Business Development Manager (BDM) you&nbsp;are responsible for prospecting, shaping and selling aspirational engagements for our&nbsp;clients as well as for Thoughtworks.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your responsibilities and accountabilities include prospecting, identifying and qualifying new opportunities, building trust with potential clients, shaping deals, developing winning value propositions, tightly orchestrating sales pitches, proposals and orals, negotiating win / win agreements with prospective clients, and expanding follow-on sales to create a sustainable business within each account. You will work across client organizations, from C-level and board members to front line business and technical staff, building relationships to secure long-lasting business opportunities.</p>
<p>To be successful, you will have multiple years of consultative selling experience within an enterprise IT services company. Your experience should demonstrate industry relevance and expertise across one or more industry domains. You will have sold custom software application development and digital transformation services, and have demonstrated proficiency in prospecting, leading and securing custom software and digital transformation deals with significant total contract value (TCV). You will have expertise dealing with both business and IT leaders and executives.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Industry Expertise and Strategic Focus</strong><br>You will bring deep expertise, insights, and credibility in the key industry: Transportation, Travel &amp; Logistics</p>
<p>As a seasoned industry specialist, you have spent your career enabling clients to solve&nbsp;complex challenges and achieve meaningful business outcomes. You’ve cultivated&nbsp;trusted relationships across the C-suite and executive levels of key enterprises within&nbsp;your domain.</p>
<p>At Thoughtworks, you’ll use that industry-specific network and insight to articulate our&nbsp;differentiated value proposition, accelerate executive conversations, and drive new&nbsp;business opportunities. Your deep contextual understanding of the industry’s trends,&nbsp;challenges, and innovation priorities will position you to shape strategic solutions and&nbsp;drive meaningful client impact.</p>
<p><strong>Job responsibilities:</strong><br>● Develop relationships and leads with business and IT executives at target&nbsp;enterprise clients on an ongoing basis by leveraging your professional network,&nbsp;personal contacts and through creative networking, partnership and outbound&nbsp;selling strategies.<br>● Execute on leads that may be generated through professional networks and&nbsp;industry events. Effectively position the full suite of Thoughtworks solutions and&nbsp;offerings to our clients, including offshore distribution of work effectively&nbsp;leveraging our global capabilities.<br>● Consultative sales of product design, custom software, data and managed&nbsp;services by influencing and shaping customers' strategic decision making. This&nbsp;is accomplished through Thoughtworks value articulation and differentiated&nbsp;positioning with client executives, with a focus on generating longer term&nbsp;opportunities in excess of $10M in TCV.<br>● Create and own the customer sales narrative, tightly orchestrate deal pursuits,&nbsp;manage and coordinate MSA, SOW and rate card negotiations, and shape&nbsp;complex consulting and software development agreements.<br>● Stay ahead of industry trends, emerging technologies, and market shifts to&nbsp;position Thoughtworks effectively and act as a trusted advisor, helping senior&nbsp;client executives align technology investments with business goals.<br>● Build and develop a robust sales pipeline, of ~3X qualified sales opportunity&nbsp;pipeline through leveraging direct sales , partnerships and referrals to meet and&nbsp;exceed sales and margin goals<br>● Work closely with delivery teams, solution architects, and marketing to tailor&nbsp;offerings to client needs.<br>● Partner with alliances and ecosystem partners (e.g., AWS, Microsoft, Google&nbsp;Cloud) to drive joint sales opportunities.</p>
<p><strong>Job qualifications</strong></p>
<p><strong>Technical Skills</strong></p>
<p>Whilst this is a fully commercial role, Thoughtworks are a “technology at core” organisation. We have found that sales leaders who possess a deep understanding of the key aspects of agile and/or lean practices can often navigate our organisation ethos and goals for these lead roles more adeptly than traditional Commercial Managers or Sales Directors. With this in mind Thoughtworks are seeking a broad range of key skill sets to match the very interesting proposition we are working towards.</p>
<p><strong>Professional Skills:</strong><br>● Over ten years of applicable experience and a “hunter” mentality, with a proven&nbsp;track record that demonstrates superior lead prospecting, opportunity&nbsp;development, deal shaping, relationship building, negotiation, and commercial&nbsp;acumen within the digital transformation, custom application development and&nbsp;managed services market.<br>● Technology and consulting expertise - and significant, proven experience within&nbsp;selected industry vertical - with the ability to translate client pain points and&nbsp;business issues into solutions and outcomes that drive business value.<br>● Strong customer value orientation; you lead clients to successfully achieve their&nbsp;business objectives and outcomes.<br>● Expertise to sell high value business solutions beyond commoditized services&nbsp;and staff augmentation.<br>● Ability to lead complex sales cycles, including RFPs, multi-stakeholder&nbsp;negotiations, and deal structuring with a proven track record of closing $10M+&nbsp;enterprise deals in technology consulting, digital transformation, cloud, AI, or&nbsp;software development.<br>● Gravitas and experience in engaging C-level stakeholders at the business and&nbsp;technology level, using a consultative selling approach to maximize customer&nbsp;outcomes.<br>● Deep understanding of technology trends, cloud solutions, AI, and agile&nbsp;methodologies.<br>● An entrepreneurial drive and spirit that ensures you will lead and rally our&nbsp;organization around strategic pursuits with a hands-on approach to deliverable&nbsp;creation.</p>
<p><strong>Other things to know</strong></p>
<p><strong>Learning &amp; Development</strong></p>
<p>There is no one-size-fits-all career path at Thoughtworks: however you want to develop&nbsp;your career is entirely up to you. But we also balance autonomy with the strength of our&nbsp;cultivation culture. This means your career is supported by interactive tools, numerous&nbsp;development programs and teammates who want to help you grow. We see value in&nbsp;helping each other be our best and that extends to empowering our employees in their&nbsp;career journeys.</p>
<p><strong>Our Hybrid Work Environment</strong></p>
<p>While Thoughtworks can perform a number of operations and deliver some of its services remotely, Thoughtworks is not a remote-only consultancy organization. Connecting with our clients, and with each other, is the heart of our business model. As a Thoughtworks industry domain leader, please expect regular travel. We expect bursts of travel to be possible due to the nature of our business, client expectations, and needs.</p>
<p><strong>Responsible Use of AI in Recruitment</strong></p>
<p>At Thoughtworks, we use AI tools to support our recruitment team with administrative&nbsp;tasks such as drafting communications, scheduling interviews and writing job&nbsp;descriptions. Crucially, our AI tools do not screen, assess, rank or make hiring&nbsp;decisions. Every application is reviewed by our team and all selection decisions are&nbsp;made exclusively by our interviewers and hiring managers. We are committed to&nbsp;fairness and responsible AI. We actively manage our AI systems by testing, monitoring&nbsp;for biased outcomes and implementing mitigation measures. We hold our third-party&nbsp;vendors to these same high standards through a rigorous governance process. For&nbsp;additional information, please see our full Thoughtworks AI Policy for Recruitment.</p>
<p><strong>About Thoughtworks</strong></p>
<p>Thoughtworks is a global technology consultancy that integrates strategy, design and&nbsp;engineering to drive digital innovation. For 30+ years, our clients have trusted our&nbsp;autonomous teams to build solutions that look past the obvious. Here, computer science&nbsp;grads come together with seasoned technologists, self-taught developers, midlife career&nbsp;changers and more to learn from and challenge each other. Career journeys flourish&nbsp;with the strength of our cultivation culture, which has won numerous awards around the&nbsp;world.</p>
<p>Join Thoughtworks and thrive. Together, our extra curiosity, innovation, passion and&nbsp;dedication overcomes ordinary.</p>
</div>
<p style="display: none;">#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p style="text-align: center;"><a href="https://www.thoughtworks.com/careers/ai-policy-for-recruitment">See here our AI policy.</a></p></div>