<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Who Are We?</strong></h2>
<p>Postman is the world’s leading API platform, used by more than 45 million+ developers and 500,000 organizations, including 98% of the Fortune 500. Postman is helping developers and professionals across the globe build the API-first world by simplifying each step of the API lifecycle and streamlining collaboration—enabling users to create better APIs, faster.</p>
<p>The company is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in Boston, New York, Austin, Tokyo, London, and Bangalore - where Postman was founded. Postman is privately held, with funding from Battery Ventures, BOND, Coatue, CRV, Insight Partners, and Nexus Venture Partners. Learn more at postman.com or connect with Postman on X via @getpostman.</p>
<p>P.S: We highly recommend reading <a href="https://api-first-world.com/">The "API-First World" graphic novel</a> to understand the bigger picture and our vision at Postman.</p></div><h2><strong>The Opportunity.</strong></h2>
<p>Each SMB Account Executive has a set territory of accounts (up to 1,000 employees) across the Japan region, containing existing Postman users on all levels of Postman. The goal is to build strategies to manage target accounts while working new inbound leads, with the intention of understanding how they are using Postman, and introduce them to all the capabilities of our Enterprise Suite. This is a unique opportunity to join the rapidly growing sales team at Postman and we are looking for passionate, energetic people to further scale our fast-growing business. The ideal candidate has personally driven significant sales growth at Technical SaaS companies.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do.&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Given a portfolio or group of organizations with the most promising growth opportunities, build a credible funnel for Postman Enterprise adoption</li>
<li>Take ownership of the full sales cycle from lead to close</li>
<li>Build a strategic outbound motion for your territory&nbsp;</li>
<li>Convert inbound leads to closed opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Execute a land and expand sales strategy to drive widespread adoption and larger deployments</li>
<li>Help educate customers on the value of Postman throughout the evaluation and adoption cycle</li>
<li>Navigate key decision makers to build Postman Enterprise awareness within organizations</li>
<li>Leverage data to understand your customers and prospects to gain insight into their business challenges</li>
<li>Be a great listener, identify customer needs and collaborate with Postman teammates to ensure customer success</li>
<li>Communicate and organize/escalate issues appropriately including: billing, legal, security, on-boarding, and technical inquiries</li>
<li>Provide a detailed, accurate forecast</li>
<li>Collaborate and work with Solutions Engineering, Customer Success Managers, Account Development representatives Leadership, etc. to build strategic adoption plans for customers in large accounts</li>
<li>Provide recommendations based on customers’ business needs and usage patterns</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About You.&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Able to strategically map out and break into accounts</li>
<li>Successful track record of pipeline generation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Relevant sales experience preferably in an Enterprise SaaS organization</li>
<li>Experience selling developer and/or technical products a strong plus</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills both with customers and within an organization</li>
<li>Proven negotiation and closing skills, as demonstrated by regularly exceeding sales targets while selling right-fit customers.</li>
<li>Strong track record of navigating organizations across multiple verticals/industries</li>
<li>Ability to develop senior level relationships quickly and effectively</li>
<li>Experience presenting to senior managers and the C-suite</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple opportunities simultaneously at various stages of the buying process</li>
<li>Takes an active interest in increasing customer satisfaction and deepening customer relationships</li>
<li>Teamplayer&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fluent in Japanese and English&nbsp;</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2 data-renderer-start-pos="4036"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What Else?</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">In addition to Postman's pay-on-performance philosophy, and a flexible schedule working with a fun, collaborative team, Postman offers a comprehensive set of benefits, including full medical coverage, flexible PTO, wellness reimbursement, and a monthly lunch stipend. Along with that, our wellness programs will help you stay in the best of your physical and mental health. Our frequent and fascinating team-building events will keep you connected, while our donation-matching program can support the causes you care about. We’re building a long-term company with an inclusive culture where everyone can be the best version of themselves.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">At Postman we value in person collaboration. We are in office 5 days a week for all roles based out of our hubs in San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, Austin, Tokyo and London. For roles based in Bangalore, employees currently work in the office three days a week and will transition to five days per week by the end of the year. We were thoughtful in our approach which is based on collaboration and grounded in feedback from our workforce, leadership team, and peers. The benefits of our in office model will be shared knowledge, brainstorming sessions, communication, and building trust in-person that cannot be replicated via zoom.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="3620"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Our Values</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3633">At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also failures. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.</p>
<h2><strong>Equal opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">Postman is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. Postman does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Postman will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Postman.</p></div>