<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>The Courier Analytics Team at Wolt focuses on solving complex delivery-related logistical and operational challenges, and our objective is to improve Wolt’s logistics efficiency while delivering an exceptional delivery experience for all parties in our 3-sided marketplace.</p>
<p>Data Scientists at Wolt work to uncover insights and turn them into relevant recommendations, driving decisions for the entire organisation. On the Courier team, we are particularly focused on optimising routing and task assignment efficiency,&nbsp; predicting delivery times with higher accuracy, and aiming for a flawless delivery experience for both our couriers and customers to boost retention.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We achieve this by ensuring Courier Group’s product development is rooted in experimentation with the primary goal of delivering impactful results rather than sole features.&nbsp; By analytical deep-dives, impact estimation, and delving deep into observational data to expose hidden trends and untapped opportunities, our Data Scientists serve as objective advisors, helping to decipher the 'why' behind the data, thereby enabling smarter decisions that align with our overall business strategy.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Take Ownership</strong>: Drive the Logistics analytics topics within Courier Analytics, becoming the go-to expert in this critical area.</li>
<li><strong>Drive Experiment-Guided Product Development</strong>: Serve as the catalyst for analytical deep-dives and controlled experiments that illuminate Wolt's complex marketplace dynamics and causal chains.</li>
<li><strong>Champion Statistical Rigour and a Data-Driven Mindset:</strong> Serve as an internal advocate for the crucial role of statistical rigour in data analysis. Your advocacy will foster a culture where data isn't just used, but used wisely, reinforcing the integrity of our decision-making processes.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate Across Teams</strong>: Work closely with cross-functional teams, including Product, Design, Engineering, and Operations, to integrate data-driven decision-making into their workflows.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>5+ years of experience</strong> in an analytics or data science position</li>
<li>Proficiency in<strong> SQL </strong>and<strong> Python/R, </strong>and<strong> AI IDE tools</strong></li>
<li>Hands-on experience in designing and analysing <strong>A/B testing</strong>, coupled with knowledge of <strong>quasi-experimental methodologies</strong></li>
<li>A strong grasp of core concepts and models for <strong>causal inference</strong>, enabling you to expose complex cause-and-effect relationships within data</li>
<li>Prior experience building intuitive <strong>data visualizations</strong> and dashboards that influence business decisions, utilizing tools like Tableau, Mixpanel, Looker, or similar</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<ul>
<li>The online delivery platform that Wolt is building will offer you interesting and complex challenges, together with the opportunities to create a big impact with your skills. Lots of geolocational and temporal data in real-time, combined with differences in the economics and dynamics of the cities we operate in, make Wolt both a challenging and interesting company to practice analytics!</li>
<li>You have the chance to decide the ways of working: hybrid, at the office, or remote within <strong>Stockholm or Helsinki</strong>. 💙</li>
<li>You would get to work in a company culture where we take ownership beyond the obvious, do common things uncommonly well, we think big but stay humble, do right by people, we treat others kindly and justly, recognize that if we don’t learn, we won’t stay still but fall behind and keep in mind that Luke was Yoda’s greatest achievement.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>The position will be filled as soon as we find the right person, so make sure to apply as soon as you realize you really, really want to join us!</p>
<p>For any further questions about the position, you can turn to Senior Talent Acquisition Partner - Zhanna Filintseva via <a href="mailto:zhanna.filintseva@wolt.com">zhanna.filintseva@wolt.com</a></p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>