<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p class="p1">We are seeking an IT Audit Manager to drive impact at N26, by taking ownership of the end-to-end IT audit cycle. In this role, you’ll assess risks, evaluate controls, and ensure our systems meet the highest standards of reliability and regulatory compliance. You’ll shape audit plans, dive into data and processes, and deliver clear, actionable insights that influence how we operate.</p>
<p class="p1">Beyond audits, you’ll stay ahead of the evolving IT risk landscape - partnering with teams to strengthen controls, improve processes, and embed best practices across the organization. If you’re curious, analytical, and eager to make a real impact in a fast-moving environment, this is your chance to do it.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Own and execute the full IT audit cycle, covering risk and control management to ensure operational effectiveness, system reliability, and compliance with all relevant regulations and directives</li>
<li class="li1">Support the definition of internal audit scope and contribute to the development of annual audit plans</li>
<li class="li1">Review, analyze, and evaluate documentation, reports, data, and process flows across key IT areas, including system development, IT security, and IT operations</li>
<li class="li1">Prepare clear, insightful Internal Audit reports with actionable recommendations</li>
<li class="li1">Ensure Internal Audit activities are conducted in line with established professional and regulatory standards</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<p>Background:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Significant experience as an Internal IT Auditor in an international company operating in a regulated environment, preferably within a bank, financial institution, fintech, or an audit/consulting firm.</li>
<li class="li1">Proven experience in planning, executing, and documenting internal audit activities, including risk assessments, control testing (Test of Design and Test of Effectiveness), reporting findings, and monitoring remediation actions.</li>
<li class="li1">Knowledge and experience in cloud infrastructure audits and corporate IT infrastructure environments, including modern IT architectures and third-party service dependencies.</li>
<li class="li1">Experience in data-driven audit approaches, including SQL-based analysis and large-scale data analysis techniques to support audit testing and control evaluation.</li>
<li class="li1">Good understanding of European financial regulatory frameworks relevant to IT and digital financial services, particularly DORA, EBA guidelines, and national supervisory expectations (MaRisk/BAIT).</li>
<li class="li1">Insight into banking laws, regulatory expectations, and supervisory frameworks, with the willingness and ability to become familiar with local banking regulations, regulatory requirements, and banking IT systems.</li>
</ul>
<p>Skills:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Essential knowledge of generally accepted auditing standards and frameworks (e.g., IIA Standards, ITIL 4, ISO 27001).</li>
<li class="li1">Strong understanding of IT General Controls (ITGC) and ICT third-party risk management practices, including outsourcing governance and supplier risk assessments.</li>
<li class="li1">Strong understanding of IT governance, IT audit standards, ICT risk management, and operational resilience frameworks.</li>
<li data-section-id="8f76g4" data-start="1833" data-end="1865">Fluency in English is required and fluency in German is a plus</li>
<li data-section-id="ylojw1" data-start="1866" data-end="1927">High integrity, independence, and professional skepticism</li>
<li data-section-id="1c3s297" data-start="1928" data-end="2028">Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to assess complex IT environments</li>
<li data-section-id="1cir1kj" data-start="2029" data-end="2101">Strategic mindset with solid business acumen and attention to detail</li>
<li data-section-id="1223u9q" data-start="2102" data-end="2204">Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills across technical and non-technical teams</li>
<li data-section-id="1jbrkk7" data-start="2205" data-end="2271">Curious, detail-oriented, and committed to continuous learning</li>
<li data-section-id="mc0tvt" data-start="2272" data-end="2345">Proficient in audit tools, data analytics, SQL, and reporting systems</li>
<li data-section-id="1w4lt1v" data-start="2346" data-end="2425">Strong understanding of controls, risk management, and process optimization</li>
<li data-section-id="718mqc" data-start="2426" data-end="2519" data-is-last-node="">Skilled in project management, stakeholder alignment, and driving actionable audit outcomes</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunities:</strong></p>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com">candidate.exp@n26.com</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion">website</a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.<br><br>Discover more about our Diversity &amp; Inclusion at N26:<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion"> https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion</a></p>