<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>New data center development:</strong></p>
<p>We give you the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies in data operations, cloud computing and infrastructure management. As global data center operations grow, there will be ample opportunities for career progression. Working in the data center directly impacts performance, customer satisfaction and efficiency, with the opportunity to contribute to new data center projects.You’ll collaborate with experts in AI data center development and operations, gaining insights from leaders in the field. This environment fosters innovation, and allows you to work on solutions that exceed industry standards in design and deployment.</p>
<h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p>We’re looking for an <strong>IT Infrastructure Engineer</strong> to support IT operations in multiple datacenters around the world. This is a position for a datacenter hardware expert working at the intersection of multiple technical domains</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work in our office in <strong>London, England.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="1156" data-end="1253">
<p>Solve the most challenging firmware and hardware related issues with servers, involving in-depth knowledge of system architecture, network configurations and advanced troubleshooting</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1156" data-end="1253">
<p>Take charge of hardware problem management and develop new solutions</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1156" data-end="1253">
<p>&nbsp;Act as a subject matter expert and point of escalation for team members</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1156" data-end="1253">
<p>&nbsp;Collaborate with R&amp;D to improve our hardware designs</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1156" data-end="1253">
<p>Create new processes and documentation for IT hardware team</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1156" data-end="1253">
<p>Improve support processes and training materials</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1156" data-end="1253">
<p>Travel to datacenters to participate in large scale hardware projects and collaborative events</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="1286" data-end="1363">
<p>Knowledge of datacenters, server and network equipment</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1286" data-end="1363">
<p>Deep knowledge of IT hardware and practical experience of troubleshooting</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1286" data-end="1363">
<p>Advanced skills working with the Unix operating system and command line</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1286" data-end="1363">
<p>Advanced network troubleshooting skills</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1286" data-end="1363">
<p>Experience with equipment monitoring, data analysis and presentation</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1286" data-end="1363">
<p>Proactiveness and sense of responsibility</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1286" data-end="1363">
<p>High proficiency in spoken and written English</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="1774" data-end="1815">
<p>Technical certifications in relevant areas</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1774" data-end="1815">
<p>Skills in design and repairing electronic equipment</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1774" data-end="1815">
<p>Driving license type B</p>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>