<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><div><strong>The role:</strong><br>We’re looking for a UX Writer. You will strengthen the Product Design Team, part of the Product and Infrastructure department, and help create and scale high-quality UX by creating consistent and compelling UI copies.<br><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Write and maintain UI copy in <strong>Nebius Console</strong> that improves and streamlines the user experience, ensuring consistency and alignment with product documentation.</li>
<li>Provide alternative UI copy options based on the proposed design solutions.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with product managers, designers, and engineers on product initiatives.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain voice &amp; tone guidelines; define and scale content patterns within the design system.</li>
<li>Simplify complex technical scenarios into clear, actionable interface language.</li>
<li>Conduct content audits of the existing interfaces and identify areas for improvement.</li>
<li>Actively participate in the life and processes of the Product Design Team.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Required Qualifications</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in UX writing / content design.</li>
<li>Strong product thinking and the ability to approach design as a system of interconnected user scenarios.</li>
<li>Excellent written and spoken English.</li>
<li>Familiarity with cloud computing concepts (virtual machines, containers, Kubernetes, storage, networking, etc.) and ML/AI concepts (training, inference, fine-tuning, etc.).</li>
<li>Proficiency in Figma.</li>
<li>A portfolio featuring real interface cases (before/after examples and clear explanation of decision logic).</li>
<li>Solid understanding of core UX principles: user flows, edge cases, states, and system feedback.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Nice to Have</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Experience in technical writing.</li>
<li>Experience using AI-powered plugins in Figma or other tools to support content creation workflows.</li>
<li>Review UI texts directly in the codebase and occasionally update or fix copy within the code when necessary.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>