**WHO IS AGICAP?**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest growing scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 550 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). GP Bullhound has ranked us as the next most likely unicorn in Europe.

Agicap is part of the FT120, rewarding the most promising startups in France. We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024. These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly the team by welcoming new talents and accelerating our international expansion across Europe.

With our newest addition in Lisbon, opened in April 2023, we aim to build an international hub that represents all our markets. This hub will foster collaboration and innovation among Agicapians, focusing on our key business departments: Sales and Customer Success. We started with 5 employees and aim to grow to nearly 100 Agicapians by 2025. This hub is crucial for leading Agicap's growth journey, and we encourage all Agicapians to share their ideas on how we can make it a success.

Agicap allows CEOs and Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash flow. Cash is King, and Agicap fundamentally reshapes the way companies manage one of their greatest pain points - Our innovative platform streamlines supplier payments and enhances cash collection processes, enabling businesses to thrive in a competitive landscape.

Our ambition is to become the global financial management solution for Mid-Market companies worldwide.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

[Home page](https://agicap.com/en/)

[Customer Stories](https://agicap.com/en/clients/)

[Life at Agicap](https://career.agicap.com/life-at-agicap/)

[Our Values](https://career.agicap.com/article/working-at-agicap/)

**Headcount Growth :**

July 2019 : 10

July 2020 : ~50

July 2021 : ~200

July 2024 : +500

**Join Agicap on its path to Unicorn status.**

**Your Mission:**

Join us as one of the first SDR for the UK market in Lisbon! As a **Sales Development Representative (SDR) for our UK Market**, your main mission will be to **build and manage a pipeline of companies within our Ideal Customer Profile (ICP)** by working closely with your Account Executive (AE) to generate **high-potential opportunities** and support your prospects **up to the closing stage**. You will be responsible for **identifying, reaching out to, and engaging strategic contacts** (CEOs, CFOs, Treasurers) at medium and large companies (€10-200M in revenue) to help them understand the added value of Agicap.

## 🎯  Your Mission:

- **Targeted and Personalized Prospecting**: Identify and reach out to key decision-makers (CFOs, CEOs, Treasurers) via phone, email, and LinkedIn. At Agicap, we value boldness: **Cold Calling** is an essential part of our strategy, and comfort with phone outreach is crucial.
- **In-Depth Needs Qualification**: Conduct qualification and discovery meetings using the SPICED method to understand your prospect’s challenges, pain points, and impact. Developing strong listening skills is essential at this stage.
- **Consultative Approach**: Showcase Agicap's value through **tailored use cases** and identify strategic partnership opportunities.
- **Opportunity Development**: Build strong relationships with prospects. At Agicap, SDRs own their pipelines from start to finish, with compensation directly tied to their ability to turn leads into sales. Unlike many other tech companies, our SDRs are involved up to the closing in collaboration with their AE.
- **Sales Cycle Support**: Ensure the **quality of projects** handed over to the AE and actively participate in strategic meetings.
- **Monitoring and Reporting**: Track performance metrics (e.g., call volume, connections, demos, deals, average deal size, conversion rate) and relay field feedback to optimize our sales strategy.
- Unlike many other tech companies, the SDR role is highly valued at Agicap, where our top SDRs typically stay in the role for over two years.

## 📈 Development:

- **After 18 months with us, an SDR becomes a fully qualified sales professional who is:**
- An expert in cash flow management and business oversight.
- Capable of conducting comprehensive qualification calls with C-level executives (CEOs, CFOs, etc.).
- Autonomous across the entire sales pipeline (from call to closing in partnership with the AE).
- Proactive in sourcing and selecting their own prospecting tools.
- Skilled at handling objections and mastering the art of pitching.
- A proficient user of HubSpot and an advanced sales tool stack.
- Able to analyze their performance through KPI evaluation.

## ⭐️ What we are looking for:

- We are looking for **ambitious talent** ready to join a fast-growing company and actively contribute to conquering the mid-market sector in Europe.
- **Prior sales experience**, ideally as an SDR in B2B SaaS or with **exposure to high-level contacts** (C-level executives).
- **Excellent communication, listening,** and **negotiation skills** with strategic decision-makers.
- Strong **analytical mindset** and ability to conduct complex discussions on financial issues.
- **Hunter mentality**, results-oriented, and able to **thrive in a dynamic environment.**
- **Teamwork ability** to collaborate effectively with the AE and take responsibility in the sales cycle.
- **Problem Solver**: Skill in providing concrete solutions to executives’ cash flow challenges.

## 🎁 What we offer:

- A competitive compensation package with uncapped commission (earning potential of €50K+ in your first year).
- Assistance with the administrative set-up before & during your arrival.
- A hybrid work set-up: 1 remote day/week
- 25 paid vacation days (+ national holidays)
- Daily lunch allowance + 100 % public transport pass reimbursement
- Private health insurance 100% covered by Agicap
- State-of-the-art work equipment
- Fast-track career advancement opportunities toward Account Executive (AE), Account Manager (AM), Partnership Manager (PM), or SDR Manager roles
- Opportunities to engage with high-level C-level executives and play a key role in Agicap’s growth.
- A highly developed sales tool stack: HubSpot, Sales Navigator, Lusha, Kaspr, Datagma, CF News, AI (meeting summaries and post-meeting emails), etc.
- A top-tier Sales Academy in a dynamic and growth-focused work environment
- A key moment to join one of Europe’s most ambitious scale-ups, an ideal launchpad for a rewarding career in tech. Contribute to the creation of our new international hub (opened in April 2023)
- A beautiful , modern office in the heart of Lisbon, right in one of Europe’s top rising tech hubs
- An entrepreneurial, empowering work environment where autonomy meets team spirit – learn fast, take ownership, and grow together as we scale Agicap internationally
- A fun, energetic team where we celebrate with regular after-work drinks on our rooftop, off-sites (last one: surfing in Caparica), and an annual Global off-site with all Agicapians

**HOW DO YOU BECOME PART OF THE TEAM?**

Our interview process takes an average of 2 weeks and generally consists of

- First meeting with the Talent Acquisition team

- A role play or case study with the respective department

- Final round with management (and sometimes C-level decision-maker)

A transparent and fast process is a top priority for us - we therefore endeavour to respond to all applications within **48 hours**.

At Agicap, we believe that true innovation thrives in an environment where everyone feels valued and included. We’re committed to building a diverse team that reflects the variety of perspectives in our world. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, don’t let that stop you from applying—we want to hear from you!

We welcome applications from all backgrounds. Join us in creating a workplace of inclusiveness.

**See you soon, your Agicap Lisbon team!**