<div class="content-intro"><p class="p1"><strong>At POWERX, our people are at the heart of everything we do.</strong> From testing and commissioning to engineering and compliance, every service we provide plays a vital role in powering safe, reliable, and efficient systems.</p>
<p class="p1">As the nation’s leading provider of comprehensive power solutions, we foster a culture of integrity, respect, and teamwork. In an ever-evolving industry, our mission is to help businesses optimize system performance, ensure safety and compliance, and drive operational excellence through innovation and accountability.</p>
<p class="p1">Whether you're an experienced professional or launching your career, POWERX provides an environment where you can grow, make an impact, and build a lasting legacy.</p></div><p data-pasted="true"><strong>ABOUT US &nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At POWERX, we take pride in being the premier provider of comprehensive power services, ensuring that power systems operate efficiently and reliably. Our commitment to quality and excellence is evident in our field services, engineering and consulting expertise, and adherence to certifications and regulations. Safety and performance are at the forefront of our integrated approach. &nbsp;</p>
<p>We are a people-first company, valuing integrity, respect, and teamwork. Our mission is to empower businesses by&nbsp;optimizing&nbsp;system performance, ensuring safety and compliance, and driving operational excellence with innovative solutions. At POWERX, we offer a dynamic environment where both experienced professionals and newcomers can grow, make an impact, and build a legacy. &nbsp;</p>
<p>Our vision is to lead the future of power systems with cutting-edge technology, sustainable practices, and a relentless focus on customer success. We are dedicated to expanding our expertise, locations, and services while maintaining our people-first philosophy. Partnering with POWERX means gaining a trusted team of passionate experts committed to delivering value and fostering lasting relationships. Join us in making power work for our clients and the communities we serve! &nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>OUR POWERX PERKS &nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive Pay</li>
<li>Incentives for Certifications</li>
<li>Referral Bonus Program</li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement</li>
<li>Medical, dental, vision, LTD, STD, Basic Life/AD&amp;D, and other ancillary products</li>
<li>401k program with a company match</li>
<li>Performance Program</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave</li>
<li>PTO including Wellness Days and Paid Holidays</li>
<li>And much more!</li>
</ul>
<p data-pasted="true"><strong>Job Summary:<br></strong></p>
<p>The QA/QC is responsible for ensuring the quality and accuracy of all testing and reporting activities. This role involves conducting thorough reviews of test reports, validating test data, and implementing quality control processes to monitor the integrity of test reporting. The QA/QC ensures compliance with industry standards and company policies, manages documentation, and identifies discrepancies or issues in test reports. Additionally, this role provides training and support to team members, participates in continuous improvement initiatives, and assists in internal and external audits. This role will collaborate with internal teams and clients to clarify requirements and address any quality-related concerns. Strong attention to detail, technical proficiency, and effective communication skills are essential for success in this role.</p>
<p><strong>Supervisory Responsibilities:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>None.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Duties/Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<p>Document Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Maintain organized records of test reports, reviews, data sheets, and related documentation in accordance with quality management systems.</li>
<li>Assist in internal and external audits, providing necessary documentation and supporting evidence for compliance assessments.</li>
<li>Establish and enforce documentation standards and practices within the assistant project manager function.</li>
</ul>
<p>Data Review</p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct thorough reviews of data sheets and test reports for accuracy, completeness, and compliance with applicable standards and client requirements; responsible for final review and approval.</li>
<li>Cross-reference details against electrical drawings, SCCS, NETA tables, and manufacturer data to ensure accuracy.</li>
<li>Ensure all testing and reporting activities comply with NETA standards, industry regulations, and company policies.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Identify discrepancies or issues in test reports and work with relevant teams to resolve them promptly.</li>
<li>Submit accurate and acceptable data sheets to the client after review and correction.</li>
<li>Provide progress reports on the status of data review and submission to the immediate manager.</li>
</ul>
<p>Continuous Improvement</p>
<ul>
<li>Implement and maintain quality control processes to monitor the integrity of test reporting; identify areas for improvement.</li>
<li>Provide training and guidance to team members on QA/QC processes, report standards, and NETA requirements.</li>
<li>Participate in continuous improvement initiatives to enhance the quality and efficiency of testing and reporting processes.</li>
<li>Stay updated with NETA standards and continued education to ensure accuracy and compliance in data review.</li>
<li>Collaborate and coordinate with other departments to ensure quality standards are met across the organization.</li>
</ul>
<p>Additional responsibilities and tasks as required to support the organization's goals and adapt to evolving business needs.</p>
<p><strong>Attributes/Abilities:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Must have a satisfactory background/MVR check.</li>
<li>Ability to understand technical documents; ability to generate and interpret technical reports.</li>
<li>Familiarity with NETA standards and electrical testing procedures.</li>
<li>Proficient in analyzing test data and results to ensure accuracy and compliance.</li>
<li>Understanding of QA/QC principles and methodologies, including ISO standards.</li>
<li>Highly organized; ability to organize and maintain records in accordance with quality management protocols.</li>
<li>Interpersonal and social skills; strong customer service skills.</li>
<li>Effective verbal and written communication.</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines while managing multiple projects simultaneously.</li>
<li>Strong focus on detail to ensure high levels of accuracy.</li>
<li>Ability to conduct comprehensive reviews of documentation and data.</li>
<li>Ability to think critically to identify issues and develop effective solutions quickly.</li>
<li>Proficient in quality management software and data analysis tools (e.g., Excel, statistical software).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Experience and Education:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High school diploma/GED required, Associate’s degree from an accredited 2-year technical college preferred.</li>
<li>1-3 years of experience.</li>
<li>NETA certification a plus.</li>
<li>OSHA 30-hour, MSHA, NFPA 70-E, CPR/First Aid/BBP/AED, Power DB training a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Physical Requirements:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This is an office desk position with no significant physical exertion required.</li>
<li>Minimal local travel; must have reliable transportation, possess a valid driver’s license, and be insurable.</li>
<li>Must have a suitable home office or workspace.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>POWERX is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. &nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>