<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Shift delivers AI agents that transform insurers' most critical work. By combining deep industry expertise and unmatched data resources, Shift provides proven results that have earned the trust of hundreds of the world's leading insurers. Our insurance-grade AI is accurate, explainable, and secure—empowering human experts to move with unmatched speed, total confidence, and a renewed focus on the people they serve.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><video poster="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/thumbnail-violet.jpg" controls="controls" width="300" height="150">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<source src="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video%20(English).mp4" type="video/mp4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;Your browser does not support the video tag.</video></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Our culture is built on innovation, trust, and a drive to transform the insurance industry through our SaaS platform. We come from more than 50 different countries and cultures and together we are creating the future of insurance.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Learn more at <a href="http://www.shift-technology.com" target="\_blank">www.shift-technology.com</a></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p><strong>YOUR ROLE</strong></p>
<p><em>As a member of Shift Technology's Infrastructure team, your role will be to:</em></p>
<ul>
<li>Successfully complete support tickets</li>
<li>Successfully complete project tickets</li>
<li>Be responsible for following all processes</li>
<li>Manage desktop computers, make sure they are compliant with security policies</li>
<li>Manage the badge access system</li>
<li>Manage computer inventory and system performance</li>
<li>New user onboarding and offboarding</li>
<li>Manage the internal Windows App (Intune) Store</li>
<li>Maintain great co-worker relationships</li>
<li>Deploy new applications from our deployment tool</li>
<li>Take care of new responsibilities when needed</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>YOUR TOOLKIT</strong></p>
<p>We work with modern technologies and always encourage our team to explore what's new in the market.</p>
<p>Our main tools are:</p>
<ul>
<li>Microsoft Azure AD, Intune &amp; Autopilot, Office 365, G Suite, Jira, Confluence</li>
<li>Windows Endpoints and Windows Server</li>
<li>Cisco Meraki</li>
<li>Barco ClickShare</li>
<li>Patch My PC</li>
<li>Global Protect by Palo Alto</li>
<li>Absolute Security</li>
<li>Delinea</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>What We Are Looking For</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Technical Abilities:</li>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with Windows, Intune, G Suite, Office, and Active Directory</li>
<li>Knowledge of computer security, anti-virus, patch management&nbsp;</li>
<li>Basic knowledge of&nbsp; cloud services (Azure AD, Office 365, G-Suite, Atlassian etc)</li>
<li>Ticketing system and trouble resolution</li>
<li>VPN and network connectivity troubleshooting (TCP/IP, OSI Model)</li>
<li>Documenting problem resolution and routine tasks</li>
<li>Candidates must be within commuting distance to Paris (12eme arrondissement)</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Soft Skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>You have a minimum of 2 years experience in desktop/ help desk support</li>
<li>You are a proactive team member and take pride and ownership of your work</li>
<li>You are dynamic, curious, and eager to learn; always looking to expand your fields of expertise</li>
<li>You can work under pressure and still deliver excellent service to our customers</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To support our permanent, full time employees at every stage of their careers and lives, we provide a competitive total rewards and benefits package. Here are the global benefits we’d like to highlight:</span></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Flexible remote and hybrid working options</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Competitive Salary and a variable component tied to personal and company performance</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Multiple Learning and Development opportunities, including Focus Fridays, a half-day each month to focus on learning and personal growth</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Generous PTO and paid holidays</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mental health benefits&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">2 MAD Days per year (Make A Difference Days for paid volunteering)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Additional benefits may be offered by country, based on your eligibility - ask your recruiter for more information. Intern and Apprentice positions may receive some of these benefits - ask your recruiter for more details.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>At Shift we strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. <em data-stringify-type="italic">We welcome applications from and hire people who will contribute to the diversity of our company,&nbsp;</em>without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our application and employment process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@shift-technology.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Please be aware of scammers and only trust correspondence that comes from emails ending in "shift-technology.com". We will never do initial outreach to you via Whatsapp/Text/SMS, never ask for banking information or personal identification numbers (ex. Social Security Number) as part of our recruitment process.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 8pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology does not accept unsolicited CVs from recruiters or employment agencies in response to the Shift Technology Careers page or a Shift Technology social media post. Any unsolicited CVs, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Shift Technology. </em></span></p></div>