<p><strong>Protecting and building a future shaped by original ideas, innovations, and creativity.</strong></p>
<p>From counterfeits and pirated content to fraudulent sites and unauthorized sellers, MarqVision provides end-to-end brand control across 1,500+ platforms in 118+ countries. Our AI-powered managed service platform for brand control and intelligence enables rapid, scalable enforcement—so your team can move faster, protect revenue, and preserve brand equity across every digital touchpoint. Founded by Harvard Law graduates in 2020, MarqVision is backed by Peak XV (formerly Sequoia Capital India), HSG (formerly Sequoia Capital China), Salesforce Ventures, Altos Ventures, DST Global Partners, Y Combinator, Softbank and Atinum Investments. Recognized with an LVMH Innovation Award and the Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies award in 2025, MarqVision continues to push boundaries in brand control, ensuring that innovation, creativity, and trust remain safeguarded in a rapidly evolving digital world.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How&nbsp;You'll&nbsp;Make&nbsp;an&nbsp;Impact&nbsp;at&nbsp;MarqVision</strong></p>
<p>Marq AI is looking for a Brand Protection Investigator to join our Legal and Expert Services Team. In this role, you will report to the Expert Services Team Lead and be responsible for conducting investigations for brand protection as well as coordinating with partner firms around the world to conduct test purchases and send demand letters.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct investigative Test Purchases and write reports for clients.</li>
<li>Communicate with global partners regarding legal actions for clients.</li>
<li>Communicate internally to facilitate on-going investigations for clients.</li>
<li>Conduct research on sellers online, as well as different IP laws around the world.</li>
<li>Facilitate actions against counterfeit sellers.</li>
<li>Manage database of ongoing cases.</li>
<li>Provide/assist in providing any other brand protection services as required by our customers.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Skills You'll Need to Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.</li>
<li>Ability to fluently read, write, and speak English and Chinese in a business environment.</li>
<li>Ability to work well under pressure and tight deadlines.</li>
<li>Ability to conduct work according to provided guidelines accurately and with minimum mistakes.</li>
<li>Experience working in a multicultural environment, handling work in different time zones.</li>
<li>Reside in China to be able to conduct and receive test purchase products.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Nice to Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in a legal environment such as Law Firms or Corporate Legal Teams.</li>
<li>Prior experience with authentication of counterfeit goods or any related investigative work.</li>
<li>Ability to read and write Korean.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Additional Reference</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/blog">MarqVision Company Blog</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/leadership">Leadership Team</a></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>At MarqVision, we believe real growth comes with attracting the brightest minds, motivating them to succeed in their position, and ensuring plenty of fun along the way. If you think this position is for you, apply now!&nbsp;MarqVision is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants of all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the customers and communities we serve.</p>
<p>By applying for this role, you acknowledge MarqVision’s Global Recruiting Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us. Please review our <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rWdOaSaiZyfYVVP71sQfPd-XnV93oVmFyjP8URCnHJg/edit?tab=t.0">Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p>