<h3>MongoDB and Customer Success</h3>
<p>MongoDB’s mission is to empower innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. We enable organizations of all sizes to easily build, scale, and run modern applications by helping them modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our industry-leading developer data platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available in more than 115 regions across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Atlas allows customers to build and run applications anywhere, on premises, or across cloud providers. With offices worldwide and over 175,000 new developers signing up to use MongoDB every month, leading organizations like Samsung and Toyota, and AI innovators such as Delivery Hero and LG U+, trust MongoDB to build next-generation, AI-powered applications.</p>
<p>Our Customer Success team is the linchpin of the post-sales customer relationship. By combining deep business and technical savvy, Customer Success keeps MongoDB at the center of our customers’ technology strategy, and ensures every customer can realize the full potential of their investment.</p>
<h3>Senior Customer Success Manager</h3>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">The Role</span></p>
<p>As a Senior Customer Success Manager, you are a highly experienced advisor helping customers navigate their most complex journeys on MongoDB. You’ll be responsible for maximizing customer lifetime value and success for a portfolio of Enterprise (G2000) accounts, acting as a lead strategic connector between your customers and cross-functional resources to achieve high-stakes business goals. You’ll drive customer retention, revenue realization, and long-term advocacy while mentoring team members to elevate the organization's collective impact. You’ll build deep relationships with senior stakeholders, understand intricate technical environments inside and out, and navigate global account teams to deliver measurable impact in high-pressure scenarios.</p>
<p class="p1">This role can be based out of our Stuttgart office or remotely in Germany.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Key Responsibilities</span></p>
<p>Customer Advisory</p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively identify and mitigate risks in accounts with significant technical complexity by advising on advanced operational strategies and best practices. Deliver cross-disciplinary solutions to critical customer challenges, accelerating time-to-value and guiding to achieve their business goals through their MongoDB deployments.</li>
<li>Conduct comprehensive customer business reviews for Enterprise accounts, analyzing technical health and risk while translating insights into business-critical outcomes. Partner with senior technical and business leaders to align on objectives and champion mutual success plans that foster long-term advocacy.</li>
</ul>
<p>Account &amp; Portfolio Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Drive cross-functional development of account strategy and take ownership of elements that drive customer maturity, lifetime value, retention, and revenue realization. Proactively manage a diverse portfolio of Enterprise customers across various stages of the journey, creating and executing strategies to maximize value realization, advocacy, and long-term success.</li>
<li>Track and report progress against key business outcomes, demonstrate control of the forecast by providing informed predictions to senior leadership for business predictability, and identify new opportunities to expand customer impact by collaborating with presales teams.</li>
<li>Maintain meticulous hygiene in internal systems to ensure a single source of truth for customer insights and accurate territory analysis. Leverage AI fluency to enhance customer engagement processes, driving efficiency and productivity in delivering technical solutions.</li>
</ul>
<p>Internal Collaboration &amp; Customer Advocacy</p>
<ul>
<li>Amplify the voice of the customer within MongoDB, leveraging technical insights and customer perspectives to influence MongoDB’s product roadmap and coordinate across Sales, Product, Services, and Support to drive long-term health and value realization.</li>
<li>Connect customers with the right internal resources, including Executive Sponsor engagement, while contributing to regional and global best practices to strengthen team success and act as a force multiplier for the organization.</li>
<li>Support team growth by participating in the interview and ramping process for new hires, coaching peers to foster development and knowledge-sharing across the region.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">What You Will Bring</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Relevant Experience: 7 to 10+ years in a technical customer-facing role (e.g., Technical Customer Success, Solutions Architecture/Engineering, Professional Services/Implementation, Technical Account Management) for a deeply technical, ideally consumption-based, product.</li>
<li>Accountability:<strong> </strong>4+ years experience being accountable for customer health and revenue realization for Enterprise customers.</li>
<li>Communication: Excellent verbal and written skills with the ability to influence technical and business outcomes and solve complex problems across varying audience types from Developers to C-suite.</li>
<li>Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, STEM, or equivalent technical work experience.</li>
<li class="li1">Fluent level of German</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 426156</em></p>