<p><strong>What You Will Do:</strong></p>
<p>As a Moveworks Product Analyst, you are an expert in deconstructing complex problems by utilizing your technical depth to identify creative solutions made available by integrating to a new platform. You have an understanding of APIs, authentication as well as familiarity common enterprise platform paradigms including concepts such as tickets, groups, approvals. You are able to build a deep understanding of all the ways a platform works - including the various ways a platform can be customized which can have implications to integration design decisions. You are someone who can bridge the technical with the enterprise and cultivate relationships with both internal and external stakeholders. You feel most at home when working hand in hand with data, engineering and customer success.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Build out the Moveworks 3rd party Integration strategy including playing a key role in investigating, planning and executing on new 3rd party Integrations such as ITSM, ERP, CRM, HRIS, IGA platforms.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build out Stakeholder experience products to gain visibility and control of the Moveworks Platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will inspire &amp; support engineering teams to achieve their goals through collaborative goal setting, project definition, milestone development, and tactical support throughout the project</li>
<li>You will ensure our designers deeply understand customer pain and can test their ideas rapidly&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will support our deployment team in helping customers realize product value quickly</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring To The Table:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 3-6 years experience in a technical role</li>
<li>You have 2+ years experience working with and building product leveraging other product APIs</li>
<li>You have a proven track record of taking ownership of product goals and delivering against them</li>
<li>You have sound framework for when to iterate, when to discard, and when to scale products</li>
<li>You have technical and domain experience delivering scalable distributed software on the cloud</li>
<li>You will win the trust of CIOs and IT Managers at F500 companies to enable rapid product deployment</li>
<li>You will drive product development from concept to launch and successful iteration in a fast-paced customer obsessed organization</li>
<li>You have the skills needed to take input from multiple sources, crystallize clear priorities, and communicate them effectively</li>
<li>You have the ability to create product specs that identify problems, opportunity, goals, metrics, as well as, use cases and product requirements that help design and engineering teams develop solutions and measure success</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>\*Our compensation package includes a market competitive salary, equity for all full time roles, exceptional benefits, and, for applicable roles, commissions or bonus plans.&nbsp;<br>Ultimately, in determining pay, final offers may vary from the amount listed based on geography, the role’s scope and complexity, the candidate’s experience and expertise, and other factors.</p>
<p>Moveworks Is An Equal Opportunity Employer<br>\*Moveworks is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.</p>
<h4><strong>Who We Are&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p>Moveworks is the Agentic AI Assistant platform that empowers the entire workforce.</p>
<p>Our platform enables employees to converse with all of their business systems through natural language to quickly find answers and automate tasks. Powered by the world's most advanced LLMs, our proprietary models, and a sophisticated Agentic AI platform, we're transforming how work gets done by allowing AI to take initiative, streamline complex workflows, and continuously learn and adapt.</p>
<p>Moveworks is trusted by over 5.5 million employees at more than 350 of the world’s largest companies, including 10% of the Fortune 500, to automate everyday tasks and streamline business operations. Recognized on the Forbes Cloud 100 and AI 50 lists, Moveworks was also named one of Fast Company’s 2025 Most Innovative Companies and Inc’s Best in Business, in the Best in Innovation category. Moveworks was also recognized at Microsoft’s 2025 Partner of the Year and in 2024, received the AI Breakthrough Award.</p>
<p>In December 2025, Moveworks was acquired by ServiceNow, marking a pivotal milestone in our journey to create a single front door to work for all business systems. By combining ServiceNow’s leading workflow automation with Moveworks’ Reasoning Engine and natural language capabilities, we deliver the AI platform for every person and every workflow. Built to go beyond basic summaries to deliver meaningful business impact. Together, our AI acts across enterprise systems to turn conversations into completed work.</p>
<p>By joining our team, you’ll be at the forefront of the AI transformation, backed by the global scale of ServiceNow and the agility of a high-growth company. We are looking for world-class talent to help us extend agentic AI to every employee across every corner of the business.<br><br>Come join us!</p>
<p><strong>ServiceNow<br><br></strong>It all started in sunny San Diego, California in 2004 when a visionary engineer, Fred Luddy, saw the potential to transform how we work. Fast forward to today — ServiceNow stands as a global market leader, bringing innovative AI-enhanced technology to over 8,100 customers, including 85% of the Fortune 500®. Our intelligent cloud-based platform seamlessly connects people, systems, and processes to empower organizations to find smarter, faster, and better ways to work. But this is just the beginning of our journey. Join us as we pursue our purpose to make the world work better for everyone.<br><br><br></p></div>