<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Solutions Architecture team works with our largest, most complex users to understand their technical requirements and map those to Stripe technology.</p>
<p>As a Solutions Architect, you will partner with Sales to technically qualify new business opportunities, demonstrate the art of the possible with the Stripe Platform, and design robust technical solutions to enable payment transactions, manage money movements and simplify financial operational processes.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>You are an experienced technologist with a blend of technical depth and strong business consulting skills. You can write code, but prefer to spend your time working with users to create Stripe solutions to support customer business objectives in complex, mission critical environments. You will think strategically about the art of the possible for the user’s business, and be able to clearly articulate that in a way that informs and builds confidence in Stripe’s technology.</p>
<p>You should be able to engage and motivate cross-functionally both internally and within our customer’s organisations at all levels, from Cx to Product Engineering. You will have a track record of delivering exceptional customer results as part of a pre-sales team, but a history of deep technical work that gives you the ability to be credible with any audience.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Engage with Chief Technical Officers, engineering leads, and other technical leads at key users to share technology roadmaps, demonstrate the latest innovations, and define a solution strategy to solve problems</li>
<li>Lead technical discussions and solution deep dives with users on the value Stripe can provide to them.</li>
<li>Serve as an advocate for your customers internally, to ensure their needs are represented with product engineering and to influence product direction and priorities.</li>
<li>Plan and participate in quarterly business reviews with your users, identify new opportunities and collaborate on detailed account planning with account teams</li>
<li>Create technical content (reference architectures, demos, etc.) to share with users as well as speak as a thought leader at industry conferences.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>4 years work experience or equivalent in any mixture of roles including pre-sales, technical architecture (application, technical, systems, integration), technical consulting, application delivery or technical engineering role, with at least 1 years in a customer facing pre-sales role.</li>
<li>Possess strong technical knowledge in software architecture, have breadth across technology stacks with deep hands on skills, and comfortable talking about technical concepts and explaining how they work, both from a product feature and API architecture perspective</li>
<li>Ability to write code&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with large enterprise customers</li>
<li>Strong verbal and written communication abilities, including presenting to large audiences in both German and English</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>A background in payments systems and e-commerce solutions is a plus but not a requirement.</li>
</ul>