<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><div><strong>The Team:</strong></div>
<div><br>Celonis Support Services team operates a 3-Level Support model, which includes a dedicated highly-trained team of Celonis experts located in our Celonis Support Centre. Our support engineers are familiar with the common challenges organisations face when deploying Celonis software and are able to quickly diagnose and support the questions regarding product-related issues our customers face and provide technical support for Celonis On-Premise and Cloud-based products. You will report directly to the Team Lead Customer Support and you will be based in Bangalore, India.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>The Role:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>As a core function of the position, you will be responsible for the analysis, diagnosis, and recovery of complex technical issues. This will involve close engagement and interaction with our Product and Engineering teams and at times with our customers.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Provide in-depth technical support for customer issues across one or more product areas of the Celonis Platform</li>
<li>Drive and resolve complex Tickets according to ITSM processes</li>
<li>Qualify problems or defects for close collaboration with Celonis Development and Product Management</li>
<li>Participate and drive regular Root Cause Analysis (RCA) cycles to improve our Support Knowledge base</li>
<li>Contribute to Continual Service Improvement (CSI) cycles and initiatives of Celonis and Celonis Support Organisation</li>
<li>Participate in 24x7 Support model</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>An education in the field of IT, Computer Science, Engineering, or similar.</li>
<li>First experience working as Technical Support Engineer, ideally experience handling complex technical issues.</li>
<li>A fundamental working ability of heterogeneous Linux/Unix systems.</li>
<li>Knowledge in one or more areas: SSO, JKS, Docker, Kubernetes, Datadog, Python, Java</li>
<li>Have a structured approach to analyse and resolve issues</li>
<li>Ideally, experience with database systems and SQL</li>
<li>Experience with AWS and / or MS Azure.</li>
<li>Customer contact experience, communication and service-oriented.</li>
<li>A thirst to learn and like bringing ideas to the table.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>