<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong><strong>KKR REAL ESTATE OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR Real Estate was founded in 2011 on the belief that a dedicated real estate team with to KKR’s global investment platform could create differentiated deal flow and compelling risk-adjusted returns. The primary mandate of KKR Real Estate is to leverage the KKR brand, scale across credit and equity and integrate within the larger KKR investing ecosystem to deliver a differentiated investing opportunity.&nbsp; KKR Real Estate team is made up of access approximately 140 real estate investment and asset management professionals and has grown to over $85 billion of AUM. Its capabilities across real estate equity, real estate loans, and real estate securities, under the same leadership team, has allowed it to create a best-in-class and global portfolio.</p>
<p><strong>KKR REAL ESTATE CREDIT &amp; K-STAR INVESTMENT SERVICES OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR Real Estate Credit was formed in January 2015 to invest in real estate credit products and launched the European Real Estate Credit business in 2022. KKR Real Estate Credit currently invests through 8 separately capitalized vehicles across our Direct Lending and Securities portfolios and consists of 120+ dedicated professionals based in New York, San Francisco, Houston, Dallas, London and Dublin.</p>
<p>In 2022, KKR created K-Star Asset Management LLC (“K-Star”), a dedicated investment services platform based in Dallas, Texas.&nbsp; The K-Star team includes industry specialists overseeing asset management, loan origination, securities investing, risk management and client experience for KKR’s global real estate credit franchise. In 2024, K-Star established an office in Dublin, supporting KKR’s real estate credit portfolio across Western Europe.</p>
<p><strong>POSITION OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>K-Star is seeking&nbsp;an underwriting professional to join its dedicated Real Estate Credit team in Dublin, Ireland. The position will&nbsp;support <em>the analysis and evaluation of potential direct lending opportunities </em>in EMEA and help drive KKR Real Estate Credit’s continued growth in the market.</p>
<p>The primary responsibilities for the role includes modelling and underwriting commercial loans across multiple asset classes, geographies, and KKR investment vehicles, managing the entire due diligence process (both internally and externally), and preparing investment memorandums.</p>
<p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<p>In addition to the above, the successful candidate will also:</p>
<ul>
<li>Actively coordinate investment process (bidding, due diligence, and closing)</li>
<li>Participate in due diligence sessions, loan structuring, and closing processes</li>
<li>Participate in pipeline meetings, deal screening sessions, and investment committees</li>
<li>Develop investment themes and conduct macro and micro level data analysis to inform investment decisions</li>
<li>Assist team with ongoing loan asset management and reporting requirements.</li>
<li>Work collaboratively with investment professionals in KKR Real Estate Credit and KKR Real Estate Equity as well as across the broader KKR organization.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree required</li>
<li>Recent Graduate. 0 – 3 years of relevant experience, preferably in commercial real estate lending or a closely related area</li>
<li>Superior analytical and financial modelling skills with demonstrated investment acumen, knowledge and thoughtfulness as a credit-minded investor</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of commercial real estate, fixed income, and financial concepts</li>
<li>Exceptional written and presentation skills and strong executive presence</li>
</ul>
<p>In addition to the above, we are looking for someone that is:</p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborative and has strong relationship building skills</li>
<li>Able to work independently and represent KKR and K-Star’s culture and values in a professional manner</li>
<li>Goal-oriented and has the ability to effectively multi-task, prioritize, and manage timelines</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial, resourceful, and a self-starter</li>
<li>Intellectually curious and has a desire to continuously expand their knowledgebase</li>
<li>Committed to the highest level of integrity and professionalism</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-ONSITE</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>