## Your mission

<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p><p>Established in 2014, Ultralytics boasts a global presence with over 100,000 organizations worldwide using Ultralytics YOLO. At Ultralytics, we commit to the relentless innovation in the AI space and seek team members who resonate with our ambition to democratize the power of AI and make it accessible and available to all. </p><p>Our vision is to create a future where every person, regardless of means or background, has equal access to transformative AI, enabling them to seize opportunities and shape their own path. Aware that our time is finite, we strive to make a lasting impact that benefits future generations.</p><p><strong>How we work</strong></p><p>At Ultralytics, we thrive on an exciting, fast-paced journey of innovation and excellence. Our high standards inspire a level of commitment that often extends beyond the typical workday, including occasional evenings and weekends. This role is designed for extraordinary individuals who are passionate about making an impact in a dynamic start up environment and ready to contribute their best to drive our ambitious vision forward. If you’re eager to push boundaries and be at the forefront of AI advancement, we’d love to connect with you.</p><p><strong>What You'll Do</strong></p><p>We are looking for an experienced Legal Counsel specializing in Intellectual Property (IP), data privacy, and commercial transactions to join our growing team. This role will play a critical part in managing Ultralytics’ legal operations, including:</p><ul><li><p>Drafting, reviewing, and negotiating various agreements (e.g., licensing, SaaS, NDAs, and partnership contracts).</p></li><li><p>Developing and executing IP strategies (trademarks, patents, licensing, and open-source compliance).</p></li><li><p>Ensuring data privacy compliance across US, EU, and global jurisdictions.</p></li><li><p>Supporting cross-functional teams such as Sales, Marketing, HR, Engineering, and Product.</p></li></ul><p><strong> Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><p>Lead and manage complex commercial transactions, including B2B licensing agreements, SaaS agreements, NDAs, and strategic partnerships with customers, vendors, and channel partners.</p></li><li><p>Support cross-functional teams (Sales, Marketing, HR, Engineering, Product) by providing actionable legal advice aligned with their business goals.</p></li><li><p>Develop and maintain Ultralytics’ IP strategy, oversee IP asset management, and address questions related to our SaaS and open-source products.</p></li><li><p>Advise on data privacy, data protection, and regulatory issues related to technology and product development, with a focus on compliance with US (CCPA, CPRA, HIPAA), European (GDPR), and other international privacy laws.</p></li><li><p>Continuously improve Ultralytics’ privacy compliance program, including conducting Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIAs) and risk assessments to identify and mitigate privacy and security risks.</p></li><li><p>Enhance legal templates, playbooks, forms, and policies to streamline deal processes and standardize terms.</p></li><li><p>Collaborate closely with leadership to provide strategic and pragmatic legal guidance.</p></li><li><p>Drive scalability, operational excellence, and continuous improvement in legal processes, particularly contract negotiation and management.</p></li></ul>

## Your profile

<p><strong>Skills and Experience</strong></p><ul><li><p>5+ years of relevant legal experience, with prior in-house experience at a SaaS or technology company preferred.</p></li><li><p>Strong knowledge of privacy and data protection laws, including CCPA, CPRA, HIPAA, GDPR, and other international regulations.</p></li><li><p>Expertise in commercial technology transactions, including B2B licensing, SaaS agreements, and strategic partnerships.</p></li><li><p>Familiarity with open-source licensing models and compliance.</p></li><li><p>Strong understanding of enterprise SaaS operations and global commercial negotiation practices.</p></li><li><p>Ability to provide actionable advice on product development while ensuring data protection compliance.</p></li><li><p>Exceptional drafting, communication, and collaboration skills.</p></li><li><p>A proactive mindset for enhancing templates, processes, and policies.</p></li><li><p>Demonstrated commitment to scalability and operational excellence.</p></li></ul><strong><br></strong><p><strong>“Nice to have”</strong></p><ul><li><p>Knowledge in Cybersecurity law.</p></li><li><p>Experience in a Startup as legal counsel.</p></li><li><p>Experience at a top national or international law firm in the IP department.</p></li><li><p>Knowledge of computer vision technologies or experience in the AI/ML space.</p></li><li><p>Familiarity with the EU AI Act and its implications for technology companies.</p></li><li><p>Experience in compliance frameworks: SOC2, ISO27001, HIPAA.</p></li></ul>

## Why us?

<p><strong>Why join us</strong></p><strong>Cutting-Edge AI computer vision technology</strong>: contribute to building cutting edge computer vision AI models based on the YOLO framework.<br><strong>Impactful work</strong>: Shape the future of AI-powered solutions that transform industries.<br><strong>Collaborative culture</strong>: Join a talented and passionate team that values open communication and innovation.<br><br><br><strong>Compensation and Benefits</strong><ul><li>Competitive salary, depending on experience and location</li><li>Time Off: 24 days paid vacation, your birthday off, plus local holidays</li><li>Home set up Allowance ($550)</li><li>A MacBook Air as your work device</li><li>Flexible work environment with hybrid and remote options</li><li>The candidate must be eligible to work as an independent contractor in their home country (handbook for more detail)</li></ul><br><p><strong>Ultralytics Handbook</strong></p><p>Comprehensive guide to our company’s mission, vision, values, and operational practices. This <a href="https://handbook.ultralytics.com/">handbook</a> is designed to provide key insights and resources for our (future) team members, collaborators, and community to align with Ultralytics' core principles.</p><p>If you’re passionate about redefining the boundaries of AI and eager to make a significant impact through Event Management, Ultralytics is the place for you.</p><p>Come join us, and let's build something amazing together!</p><span style="font-size:12px;"><em>Ultralytics is an equal opportunity employer and are committed to building an inclusive workplace. We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.</em></span><p><br></p>