<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW<br></strong>KKR &amp; Co. Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management and capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of The Global Atlantic Financial Group.</p>
<p>For additional information about KKR &amp; Co. Inc.(NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR’s website at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com">www.kkr.com</a></p>
<p><strong>TEAM OVERVIEW<br></strong>KKR’s Global Finance team oversees the firm’s tax compliance, credit and accounting, and reporting matters to produce analytical insights that drive business decisions and long-term success. The team is responsible for designing efficient frameworks through internal and external data and reports to understand the market environment and business dynamics and implement best practices. The team also collaborates closely with KKR’s Legal and Compliance team to ensure compliance and accurate reporting and performance of our corporate tax entities related to our investment funds. The Global Finance team also functions as a support for clients, from onboarding to investor communications and overall relationship management across all asset class, as well as responding to any ad-hoc tax-related requests.</p>
<p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY<br></strong>Based in Dublin, you will be responsible for the day-to-day financial activities of an open-ended Infrastructure fund (the “Funds”) managed by KKR and will be a valued member of the Infrastructure team.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES<br></strong>• Assist with the financial control, oversight and reporting obligations of the Funds. This includes performing and executing on key internal controls as part of the team’s oversight framework in managing the external fund administrator.<br>• Responsible for key activities related to fund accounting and management of the Funds from a controllership perspective – such as overseeing and reviewing fund accounting deliverables from external fund administrators including but not limited to: valuations, performance, management fee and carried interest calculations, investor capital balances and financial statements associated with the Funds’ reporting close periods.<br>• Liaise and manage communication with third party administrators on a daily basis to provide oversight over cash reconciliations and variance resolutions, authorization, execution and review of fund and investor-level capital transactions such as subscriptions, capital calls, distributions and redemptions.<br>• Collaborate and integrate with other internal KKR teams such as Global Client Solutions, Client Services, Compliance, Legal, Tax, Technology, deal team, etc. to effectively carry out fund management and operational activities around investor onboarding/servicing, liquidity management (cash and credit), lender compliance, hedging activities, regulatory and compliance reporting/filings.<br>• Assist with internal quarterly reporting of Funds' asset and revenue figures including preparing reports to facilitate the Funds’ consolidation requirements and SOX requirements, as applicable.<br>• Assist with managing the Funds’ annual and quarterly reporting/filing requirements to key external stakeholders such as investors and compliance/regulatory bodies based on governing documents and other statutory requirements. This includes preparation of quarterly unaudited reporting and annual audited financial statements along with investor capital statements. Other key regulatory filings may include but not limited to Annex IV, Form PF/ADV, SFDR.<br>• Maintain and oversee expense processing, allocations and budgets for the Funds.<br>• Assist with resolution of all investor-related queries and other ad-hoc reporting templates.<br>• Provide oversight on fund administrator’s work mandate, SLAs, performance metrics, schedules, etc.<br>• Liaise with external Fund Counsel to ensure compliance with Funds’ governing documents and to ensure any changes to key fund terms are properly communicated to external fund administrator, as applicable.<br>• Support the team’s key strategic initiatives and other ongoing firmwide transformation efforts such as technology and process re-engineering projects.</p>
<p><strong><br>YOUR QUALIFICATIONS<br></strong>The successful candidate will have at 5+ years of relevant financial experience and have the following attributes:<br>• Experience with open-end funds and/or private equity “hybrid funds”<br>• Infrastructure experience preferred<br>• Experience working with external service providers, particularly fund administrators and external auditors<br>• Experience in public / private fund accounting, closing, and reporting processes<br>• Experience with US GAAP – Investment Company and IFRS accounting principles<br>• Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or a related discipline<br>• Accounting qualification<br>• Strong written and verbal communication skills<br>• Good interpersonal skills and the ability to build strong professional relationships at all levels, with both internal and external parties<br>• Presence, sound judgment, and ability to form and express opinions effectively to cross-divisional teams including senior management.<br>• Ability to work independently in a dynamic environment; and also thrive as an effective team-player across the organization including managing time zone differences on a regular basis</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>