<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Cloud Infrastructure Engineering team builds and manages the foundational blocks of ClickHouse Cloud data plane end-to-end. This includes compute, networking, security, and a multi-cloud, multi-region architecture that provides a reliable and scalable managed ClickHouse experience for ClickHouse Cloud customers. Our team is looking for highly skilled and experienced cloud infrastructure software engineers to join our team, who will be responsible for designing, deploying, and maintaining our infrastructure.</span></p>
<p><strong>What will you do?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Architect and build a robust, scalable, and highly available distributed infrastructure.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build a cutting-edge cloud-native platform on top of the public cloud, and automate our cloud resource management.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with our ClickHouse core database development team, and security team and partner with them to produce the SAS offering.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work on </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">routing and traffic components to improve the reliability and scalability of our cloud service.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Systematically improve availability by applying industry and distributed systems best practices.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design and build security components &amp; tooling: firewall, PKI and certificate infra, zero trust network, etc.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Improve performance and cost efficiency of our infrastructure.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of relevant software development industry experience building and operating scalable, fault-tolerant, distributed systems.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Software development experience in Go, C/C++, Java, or another OOP language.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, or GCP, including infrastructure-as-code (IaC) tools such as Terraform or CloudFormation.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience developing cloud infrastructure services, preferably with Kubernetes.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience developing cloud native edge or service mesh services, preferably with envoy and Istio.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience leading and shipping large scope technical projects in collaboration with multiple experienced engineers.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of network topologies, protocols, and security principles, such as VPNs, firewalls, and load balancers.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of cloud security best practices, including encryption, access controls, and compliance standards like SOC2 and GDPR.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a global team.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are a strong problem-solver and have solid production debugging skills.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are passionate about efficiency, availability, scalability and data governance.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You thrive in a fast-paced environment, and see yourself as a partner with the business with the shared goal of moving the business forward.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have a high level of responsibility, ownership, and accountability</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-remote</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>