<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is looking for a Public Policy and Government Relations professional to lead our efforts to further deepen and develop our presence, government engagement and policy program in the United Kingdom, and to be a key member of our International Public Policy and Government Relations team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Stripe is building the economic infrastructure that makes it easier for entrepreneurs and companies all over the world to grow their businesses. We work on some of the hardest technical, business, and regulatory problems around and in this role you will deal with a diverse set of matters that straddle financial services, technology and economic policy in order to identify and advocate for policies that increase the GDP of the Internet.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will help to actively shape the Public Policy function globally as we continue to develop it over the coming years and work for a growing company in a fast paced environment, while collaborating with numerous functional teams across our organization. The role will help us navigate our growth in the UK—one of our largest markets globally—and advocate for the right policy and legislative environment to do so. The position will be based in London and report to the Head of International Public Policy and Government Relations.</p>
<p>If you are up for the challenge, we would love to hear from you!</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a kind, smart, humble and experienced government relations professional that has a track-record within the UK. The ideal person will have a deep understanding of the public policy and regulatory environment, policy-making process and cultural nuances in the UK combined with exceptional advocacy skills, business acumen and product interest. This is going to be a policy-entrepreneur, a great collaborator and someone that will wear many hats. An ability to see through the noise, prioritize, communicate what matters to Stripe and execute on a plan of action will be important.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Work together with our Public Policy and Government Relations Team across the globe as well as Stripe’s EMEA GTM, Product and Legal teams to strategically develop, pursue and execute policy and advocacy objectives as part of Stripe’s global policy priorities.</li>
<li>Influence legislative and wider public policy agendas, gather intelligence and report on developments and propose and execute activities to engage with relevant institutions in the UK.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Plan, develop and execute policy initiatives and advocacy campaigns that advance Stripe’s policy goals and those of our users.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop and maintain relationships with public policy and government relations representatives across the financial services and technology community, and serve as a representative of Stripe on trade groups or other industry bodies.</li>
<li>Directly engage senior policymakers and regulators, to educate them about Stripe’s business, vision of the digital economy and the future of payments, and contribution to the markets where we operate.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Help colleagues across Stripe understand potential policy developments, their implications for our business and products, and Stripe’s strategy.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 8+ years of experience working in a public policy or similar government position, or similar experience at a public policy firm, world class in-house government relations organization or public institution with a focus on the UK market</li>
<li>Strong industry knowledge and business acumen — an understanding of internet technologies and the financial services and payments industry</li>
<li>A track record of excellent judgment, capable of making smart decisions in the face of ambiguity and imperfect information and learning from them</li>
<li>A terrific communicator and writer, fluent in English and adept at working with lawyers, regulators, engineers, business teams, and colleagues to make complex concepts clear and understandable</li>
<li>Passionate about Stripe’s mission of helping online businesses grow and thrive</li>
<li>Empathy, humility, and some comedy</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in a high-growth, rapidly scaling environment</li>
<li>Industry experience working in technology, payments, merchant or financial services</li>
<li>Expertise in one or more policy themes with regional and global relevance to Stripe (e.g. open banking, interbank payments, digital currencies, alternative payment methods, technology regulation).</li>
<li>Familiarity with the broader EMEA market</li>
<li>Experience engaging with the Government, other policymakers and financial regulators in the UK</li>
<li>Knowledge of the business landscape and experience with relevant business associations in the UK</li>
<li>Globally-minded and interested: While the focus will be on the UK and the wider EMEA region, given Stripe’s global presence, projects will inevitably become broader than that and the person will have to translate and explain what’s happening in the region to a global audience within Stripe</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>