We're looking for an experienced Senior Platform Engineer to join our team and help strengthen our technical foundation. In this role, you'll be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining the infrastructure that powers our services. If you're passionate about building reliable systems, automating workflows, and continuously improving infrastructure, we'd like to talk with you about joining our team.

## If you want to:

- Continuously monitor and ensure the smooth operation of our website and services;
- Troubleshoot and resolve incidents related to our platform, including downtime and CI deployment issues;
- Automate everything – from simple scripts to complex CI/CD deployments.

## And you can check off:

- Proven experience in system administration or a similar role;
- Strong focus on automation (we primarily use Terraform and GitLab CI/CD);
- Hands-on experience managing and deploying microservices with Helm and Kubernetes;
- Familiarity with AWS Cloud;
- Security-first mindset.

## Bonus points if you:

- Understand how to maintain PostgreSQL and mySQL;
- Are experienced in using monitoring/observability tools like the Prometheus stack;
- Have experience running PHP and nodeJS micro-services.

## Here's the deal:

- **Growth and learning opportunities:** time dedicated to learning, conferences, online learning platforms, and books for your professional development;
- **Health and wellness:** we want you to feel and be your best. That's why we offer various benefits, from online workouts, a physical coach and a gym to regular mental health checks;
- **Tools of your choice:** choose technical equipment and the tools you need to do your best;
- **Community and celebrations:** get ready for long-lasting traditions such as yearly workation, Friday get-togethers, various team buildings and company celebrations;
- **Convenient commuting:** traveling from point A to point B can be a pain. That’s why, depending on your unique circumstances, we compensate part of your public transport costs;
- **Work-life balance:** We encourage working in the office, with the possibility of up to two remote days per week. Plus, with our WFA policy, you can work from almost anywhere in the world;
- **Premium Surfshark accounts:** for you, your family, and friends;
- **Gross salary:** 4700 - 7400 Eur/month for the Lithuanian market, 23300 - 33400 PLN/month for the Polish market. It may vary depending on your skills, experience, or location.