<div>
<div class="description content">
<p>Senior Software Developers collaborate with Business and Quality Analysts, Designers, Project Managers and more to design software solutions that will create meaningful change for our clients. They listen thoughtfully to understand the context of a business problem and write clean and iterative code to deliver a powerful end result whilst consistently advocating for better engineering practices. By balancing strong opinions with a willingness to find the right answer, Senior Software Developers bring integrity to technology, ensuring all voices are heard.</p>
<p>For a team to thrive, it needs collaboration and room for healthy, respectful debate. Senior Developers are the technologists who cultivate this environment while driving teams toward delivering on an aspirational tech vision and acting as mentors for more junior-level consultants. You will leverage deep technical knowledge to solve complex business problems and proactively assess your team’s health, code quality and nonfunctional requirements.</p>
</div>
<h2 id="job-responsibilities">Job responsibilities</h2>
<div class="job-responsibilities content">
<ul>
<li>You will learn and adopt best practices like writing clean and reusable code using TDD, pair programming and design patterns</li>
<li>You will use and advocate for continuous delivery practices to deliver high-quality software as well as value to end customers as early as possible</li>
<li>You will work in collaborative, value-driven teams to build innovative customer experiences for our clients</li>
<li>You will create large-scale distributed systems out of microservices</li>
<li>You will collaborate with a variety of teammates to build features, design concepts and interactive prototypes and ensure best practices and UX specifications are embedded along the way.</li>
<li>You will apply the latest technology thinking from our<a href="https://www.thoughtworks.com/radar" target="\_blank"> Technology Radar</a> to solve client problems</li>
<li>You will efficiently utilize DevSecOps tools and practices to build and deploy software, advocating devops culture and shifting security left in development</li>
<li>You will oversee or take part in the entire cycle of software consulting and delivery from ideation to deployment and everything in between</li>
<li>You will act as a mentor for less-experienced peers through both your technical knowledge and leadership skills</li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2 id="job-qualifications">Job qualifications</h2>
<div class="job-qualifications content">
<h3 id="technical-skills">Technical Skills</h3>
<div class="qualifications inner-content">
<ul>
<li>You have experience using one or more development languages (Java, Kotlin, JavaScript, TypeScript, Ruby, C#, etc.) with experience in Object-Oriented programming</li>
<li>You can skillfully write high-quality, well-tested code and you are comfortable with Object-Oriented programming</li>
<li>You are comfortable with Agile methodologies, such as Extreme Programming (XP), Scrum and/or Kanban</li>
<li>You have a good awareness of TDD, continuous integration and continuous delivery approaches/tools</li>
<li>Bonus points if you have working knowledge of cloud technology such as AWS, Azure, Kubernetes and Docker</li>
</ul>
</div>
<h3 id="professional-skills">Professional Skills</h3>
<div class="skills inner-content">
<ul>
<li>You enjoy influencing others and always advocate for technical excellence while being open to change when needed</li>
<li>Presence in the external tech community: you willingly share your expertise with others via speaking engagements, contributions to open source, blogs and more</li>
<li>You’re resilient in ambiguous situations and can approach challenges from multiple perspectives</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<h2 id="important-things">Other things to know</h2>
<div class="important-things content">
<h3>Learning &amp; Development</h3>
<div class="inner-content">
<p>There is no one-size-fits-all career path at Thoughtworks: however you want to develop your career is entirely up to you. But we also balance autonomy with the strength of our cultivation culture. This means your career is supported by interactive tools, numerous development programs and teammates who want to help you grow. We see value in helping each other be our best and that extends to empowering our employees in their career journeys.</p>
<h3 class="p1">Onsite Work Expectation</h3>
<p class="p1">You may be expected to work out of our Thoughtworks office or at our client's office location for all five working days of the week, depending on business or clients’ needs.</p>
</div>
</div>
<h2 id="about">About Thoughtworks</h2>
<div class="about content">
<p>Thoughtworks is a global technology consultancy that integrates strategy, design and engineering to drive digital innovation. For 30+ years, our clients have trusted our autonomous teams to build solutions that look past the obvious. Here, computer science grads come together with seasoned technologists, self-taught developers, midlife career changers and more to learn from and challenge each other. Career journeys flourish with the strength of our cultivation culture, which has won numerous awards around the world. <br><br>Join Thoughtworks and thrive. Together, our extra curiosity, innovation, passion and dedication overcomes ordinary.</p>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p style="text-align: center;"><a href="https://www.thoughtworks.com/careers/ai-policy-for-recruitment">See here our AI policy.</a></p></div>