<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The Vice President, Revenue Cycle Management will build, lead and oversee all aspects of revenue cycle operations, ensuring compliance, efficiency, and strategic optimization of patient intake, financial counseling, billing, collections, reimbursement, and financial workflows. This executive will design and implement scalable, AI-enabled automated revenue cycle infrastructure in partnership with Sales, Market Access, and Commercial Operations to maximize revenue capture, minimize denials, and enhance patient financial experience. This is a remote role with up to 25% travel.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">This position reports to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO).&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strategic Leadership: Develop and implement Freenome’s &nbsp;enterprise-wide revenue cycle strategy.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">People Leadership: Build, coach, and develop a high-performing team, fostering a culture of accountability, continuous improvement, and deep customer focus.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Billing &amp; Collections: Establish and oversee all processes related to coding, claims submission, reimbursement, and accounts receivable management.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Patient Intake Services: Oversee the efficiency and effectiveness of intake services including benefit verification, financial counseling, prior authorization, and customer call center operations.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Payer &amp; Contracting Relations: Partner with Market Access to maintain strong payer relationships, ensuring optimal reimbursement rates and contract compliance.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Compliance &amp; Risk Management: Ensure adherence to federal, state, and payer-specific regulations, including CMS and value-based care initiatives.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">AI, Technology &amp; Process Optimization: Leverage AI, ML, automation, and analytics to improve revenue cycle performance, reduce denials, intake time and overall cost to collect.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Cross-Functional Collaboration: Partner with Sales, Market Access and Commercial Operations leadership to ensure smooth revenue cycle integration with patient care workflows.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Financial Performance Monitoring: Define, track, and analyze revenue cycle KPIs, drive continuous improvement, and present strategic insights and actionable recommendations to executive leadership.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Budget Oversight: Oversee annual budget, ensuring effective allocation of resources to meet organization objectives.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Customer Engagement: Build strong relationships with customers by proactively addressing financial challenges and aligning solutions with their operational and clinical needs.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Organization Leadership: Serve as a trusted and key contributor to the Finance organization and Senior Leadership Team, actively participating in Quarterly Business Reviews (QBRs) and providing strategic insights on revenue cycle performance, reimbursement optimization, and payer trends.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor’s degree in finance, healthcare administration, or a related field (MBA or MHA preferred).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">12+ years of progressive experience in revenue cycle management, preferably in molecular diagnostics or precision diagnostics industry.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">6+ years leadership experience in revenue cycle management building and leading high-performance teams.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">4+ years of P&amp;L responsibility.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Extensive expertise in payer contracting, reimbursement methodologies, and healthcare finance.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proven success in scaling revenue cycle operations for a growing healthcare organization.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Passion for utilizing AI and automation to optimize systems and processes.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong planning and cross-functional partnership skills with demonstrated ability to drive continuous improvement.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Deep understanding of compliance (CMS, HIPAA, Stark Law, etc.) and regulatory considerations in infusion services.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for new hires is $261,725 - $337,838</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-REMOTE</span></em></span></p>