<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Locations: Sydney, Australia</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Role:</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you will be responsible for identifying and researching prospective Cloudflare accounts in our Enterprise segment (2500 or more employees and/or strategic logos in the region), conducting outreach to the appropriate contacts within each account, sourcing meetings, and running discovery calls using sales qualification frameworks (e.g., BANT and CHIIP).</p>
<p>You will be paired with Strategic/Enterprise Account Executives who will work to close opportunities that you source for them. You will also work with a variety of cross functional teams including product marketing, field marketing and sales enablement.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">While there are activity benchmarks that lead to successful BDRs, this is an autonomous role that gives you the opportunity to be creative and proactive with your outbounding strategies. You will </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">not</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> be given a list and script to repeat. Instead, you are given a quarterly goal and can work with your manager to create methods to achieve them.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will not be expected to have a thorough understanding of Cloudflare products at the outset, but we do expect you to have a strong interest in our industry and product line. You will be responsible for identifying product-fits across a variety of companies so having a passion for Cloudflare is important.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Team:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role, you will contribute to Cloudflare's revenue generation engine by delivering pipeline at scale to the Sales counterparts. You will do this through a maniacal focus on people, process, and tools. The Business Development organization is anchored in a culture focused on the development &amp; training of its employees, incubating talent across the company, teamwork, and celebrating success. With flawless execution, we believe the Business Development organization will be a competitive differentiator for Cloudflare.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is a great opportunity to be a member of our high performing Sales team at a hyper-growth technology company. The Business Development Representative (BDR) will:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be the first point of contact for customers that need help finding solutions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop your customer centric sales skills to deliver a stellar customer experience</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn Cloudflare’s products and services in detail</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Similar to other roles that Cloudflare, this role has a tenure requirement of 18-24 months before you may be eligible to apply for another role within the company.</span></p>
<p><strong>Day in the Life of BDR at Cloudflare</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own and meet target quota related to number of qualified opportunities, value of sales pipeline, and revenue</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Develop new business opportunities from paired AEs' named accounts (typically large-scale Enterprise companies)</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify target accounts with strategic timing and strong use cases through qualitative and data driven approach</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work cross-functionally with stakeholders (account executives, marketing, sales operations, fellow BDRs)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help lead BDR team-wide campaigns or initiatives (we’re a collaborative group)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Write emails and letters you’d love to open; make calls you’d love to receive; ask compelling questions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Report, track, and manage sales activities and results using SFDC and Salesloft</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Play an active role in the creation and iteration of team processes</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal communication skills</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Customer-oriented mindset with empathy and curiosity</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Aptitude to learn technical concepts/terms</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to manage multiple tasks/projects simultaneously<br></span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Track record of successful business development in Enterprise segment territory in tech sales environment</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">2+ year of experience in BDR or in a similar capacity in technology industry is preferred&nbsp;</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in Salesloft is a plus</span></li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>