<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>Okta is seeking an experienced Senior Adobe Experience Cloud Engineer with a deep understanding of Adobe’s tech stack to join our growing team.The position will play a crucial role in designing, developing, and maintaining solutions that leverage Adobe technologies to meet the unique business needs of our business partners. You must be collaborative and able to build trusted partnerships with extended teams. A successful candidate will have the ability to balance priorities and collaborate with cross functional teams while delivering within an agile delivery framework and supervising key performance indicators.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Solution Design &amp; Development:</strong> Lead the development and implementation of custom solutions and integrations within Adobe Experience Cloud, including Adobe Experience Cloud solutions, including Content Management, Assets, Multi-Site-Management, and Cloud manager</li>
<li><strong>Architecture &amp; Scalability:</strong> Architect and build scalable, high-performance systems and applications that meet business requirements and technical specifications.</li>
<li><strong>Integration &amp; Optimization:</strong> Develop and maintain integrations between Adobe Experience Cloud products and other internal or third-party systems. Optimize existing systems for performance and reliability.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration:</strong> Work closely with product managers, solution architects, and other stakeholders to gather requirements, define project scopes, and deliver high-quality software solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Agile Development:</strong> Participate in agile development processes, including sprint planning, daily stand-ups, and retrospectives. Contribute to continuous improvement efforts and drive innovation.</li>
<li><strong>Support &amp; Troubleshooting:</strong> Provide technical support for deployed solutions, troubleshoot issues, and ensure timely resolution of any software defects or performance problems.</li>
<li><strong>Documentation:</strong> Maintain comprehensive documentation for software design, development processes, and system configurations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong> </strong><strong>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>BS Computer Science or other technical degree. 3+ years of related overall technology experience</li>
<li>Experience in Adobe Experience Manager (required)</li>
<li>Expertise in core web technologies including XML, HTML5, CSS, client/server-side-scripting languages such as JavaScript preferably using SPA (Single page application) and web services development using RESTful implementations.</li>
<li>Proficient in Day CQ / Adobe AEM foundational concepts, including the use of core frameworks such as Apache Sling and Apache Felix, a solid understanding of all of the related building blocks including templates, components, dialogs, widgets, etc., and the Adobe AEM development and deployment process.</li>
<li>Good understanding of Adobe AEM WCM capabilities including Multi-site manager and Blueprinting, and the use of online marketing components such as advanced targeting / personalization, and multivariate testing, is preferred.</li>
<li>Proficient knowledge of the end-to-end content lifecycle, web content management, content publishing / deployment, and delivery processes.</li>
<li>Good understanding of integration patterns and content-centric application development patterns using Adobe AEM with or without a Portal, Search, Commerce package or other platforms, is preferred.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of SDLC methodologies (Agile, SCRUM)</li>
<li>Experience in at least one: Adobe - Analytics, Campaign, Commerce, Marketo Engage, Target or equivalent technologies is a plus</li>
<li>Highly self-directed; able to multi-task given incomplete and conflicting knowledge, and prioritize multiple projects/initiatives in a deadline-driven environment</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal skills, a positive attitude and the ability to thrive in a collaborative agency environment with multidisciplinary teams required.</li>
</ul>
<p><small>(P19564\_3365522)</small></p>
<ul>
<li>#LI-Hybrid</li>
<li>#LI-JB2</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Below is the annual salary range for candidates located in Poland. Your actual salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, and experience. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and comprehensive healthcare coverage and financial benefits including paid time off and parental leave in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program, please visit: https://rewards.okta.com/pol.</p></div><div class="title">The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in Poland is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>225 000 zł</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>330 000 zł PLN</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>