<p>As the most widely used Linux distribution, Ubuntu underpins the security of the entire internet. The role of Security Engineering Manager directly impacts the safety and security of millions of users worldwide. Join a team of security experts dedicated to protecting the open-source ecosystem and driving innovation. Your leadership will be instrumental in addressing emerging threats, developing robust security measures, and ensuring the continued integrity of Ubuntu. This is an opportunity to make a tangible difference and leave a lasting legacy on the digital landscape.</p>
<p>The AppArmor team's first responsibility is to develop security features and capabilities for AppArmor, the security module protecting all Ubuntu users, by providing mandatory access control to confine programs and restrict their access to system resources.Your work will improve the security of millions of people. You will engage directly with our community and customers, as well as coordinating efforts across multiple engineering teams and projects to make this happen.</p>
<p>An Engineering Manager is responsible for line management and career guidance. The ability to develop engineering talent, to represent your team and product from a technical perspective, and to drive collaboration with other teams and customers are all critical to success in this role.</p>
<h3>What you will do in this role</h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead and develop a team of engineers, ranging from graduate to senior</li>
<li>Coach, mentor, and offer career development feedback</li>
<li>Identify and measure team health indicators</li>
<li>Implement disciplined engineering processes</li>
<li>Represent your team and product to stakeholders, partners, and customers</li>
<li>Develop and evangelise great engineering and organisational practices</li>
<li>Plan and manage progress on agreed goals and projects</li>
<li>Be an active part of the security engineering leadership team, collaborating with other leaders&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we are looking for in you</h3>
<ul>
<li>An exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or STEM, or a compelling narrative about your alternative path</li>
<li>Drive, and a track record of going above-and-beyond expectations</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English</li>
<li>A love of developing and growing people and a track record of it</li>
<li>Organised and able to ensure your team delivers timely, high quality results</li>
<li>Professional manner interacting with colleagues, partners, and community</li>
<li>Proficient in C and have a good understanding of Linux kernel development</li>
<li>Experience working with Linux Security Modules</li>
<li>Knowledgeable and passionate about software and application security</li>
<li>Solid experience working in an agile development environment</li>
<li>A demonstrated drive for continual learning</li>
<li>Builds trust, relationships and confidence</li>
<li>Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments</li>
<li>Ability to travel twice a year, for company events up to two weeks each</li>
</ul>
<h3>Optional things we value</h3>
<ul>
<li>Good understanding of containers/packaging formats</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we offer you</h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3>About Canonical&nbsp;</h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>