<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>This is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal difference in the global employment space as the <strong>Head of Remote Payment Services UK</strong>, joining our <strong>Payments &amp; Fintech department</strong>.</p>
<p>We are strengthening our Financial Services subgroup within Remote. This subgroup has acquired financial licenses in the Netherlands, UK, and Canada to support Remote’s growth in Payroll in these regions. This position is going to oversee the Operational aspects of our UK regulated payment entity, and will be an integral member of a growing organization that allows people from all over the world access global work opportunities.</p>
<p>UK represents a significant growth opportunity for Remote across all its products, and we need a highly driven self-starter to be the face of Remote with the local regulators. You will be the day to day lead for the entity liaise with the regulators, stay abreast of regulatory changes, and ensure that Remote always meets regulatory expectations.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>7+ years payments experience in Strategy, Legal, Operations, or Entity management departments, preferably in the payments infrastructure or mass payout solution spaces</li>
<li>5+ years experience with a Payments Institution, or electronic Money Institution regulated by the FCA</li>
<li>Understanding of UK financial legislation</li>
<li>Good understanding of payments products and solutions across the board, at feature level and/or a good understanding of businesses in the payments ecosystem</li>
<li>Effective communicator, with experience in managing and influencing internal and external stakeholders</li>
<li>Commercial outlook with ability to assess comprehensive impacts to the business</li>
<li>Strong project and stakeholder management skills. Consistent track record leading complex projects across large and distributed organizations</li>
<li>Strong analytical mindset, able to use data to tell a story. Must be a confident self-starter</li>
<li>Must be a UK resident</li>
<li>Writes and speaks fluent English</li>
<li>It's not required to have experience working remotely, but considered a plus</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>End to end ownership of all processes and functions related to running Remote’s UK payments entities. Represent Remote externally with regulators, government officials and industry bodies</li>
<li>Act as the Entity head of the UK entity, being the primary DRI for ensuring the entity meets its growth goals while meeting all regulatory expectations. As the head of the executive management of the company, oversee all the risk, payment operations, product, and IT functions. Lead the monthly/quarterly Management board meetings</li>
<li>Work closely with the UK Head of Compliance and MLRO to foster and build close relationship with the regulators, and ensure the payments entities remain compliant with regulatory requirements</li>
<li>Lead Payment Entity Board meetings (agenda, materials, and minutes). Ensure the Boards are fully equipped to supervise the business of the entity and its financial affairs.</li>
<li>Act as a key representative for operational audits &amp; exams ensuring detailed planning and preparation ahead of time. Develop Remote’s own internal policies to ensure adherence to audit requirements</li>
<li>Develop detailed understanding and aligned plans for all activities performed by the entity to anticipate and mitigate risks. Implement, maintain and develop an adequate and efficient internal control system.</li>
<li>Deeply understand the regulatory requirements on Remote’s product design. Integrate cross functionally, working closely across Legal, Compliance, Tax, Product, Finance, Payments, and senior management to ensure current regulatory requirements are understood as they apply to Remote and fulfilled with future requirements adequately planned for</li>
<li>Deliver strong, clear governance as required by external regulations and internal Remote policies</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic;"><em><strong>Note: As Head of the Entity you will be asked to be registered as a PSD individual with the FCA</strong></em></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Practicals</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong> General Manager, Remote Payment Services</li>
<li><strong>Direct reports:</strong> 3 reports (future state)</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Operations - Payments: Part of ~10 person central regulatory team, and ~10 people UK entity team&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: For this position we welcome everyone to apply, but we will prioritize applications from the UK.</li>
<li><strong>Start date:</strong> As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Interview with recruiter</li>
<li>Interview with future manager</li>
<li>Interview with team members (no managers present)</li>
<li>Bar Raiser Interview</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Veremark-Remote-96e108c037b8423cbd4c3f07a1f9b38b">Prior employment verification check</a>&nbsp;</li>
</ol><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>£92,450</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>£104,000 GBP</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>