<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Position Description:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>The Iberia Solutions Engineering team are involved in all stages of the customer’s development lifecycle and are experienced using presentations, email, phone and social media to connect with customers. We are looking for great teammates that can build sales presentations, product demonstrations, and educate customers (everyone from developers to product managers to C-level executives) on the best ways to cloud security technology.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We believe in Okta’s Solutions Engineers empathise with customers and quickly discern their true technical needs by asking detailed and clarifying questions and presenting solutions that target those needs. You have the rare combination of technical savviness and business insight and you’re looking for a career where you can utilise both. As a Solutions Engineer at Okta, you will hone each of these skills by advising a diverse set of customers on what is possible using Okta’s Identity Platform. This position is based in Madrid.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Job Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with account executives to develop and execute territory and account strategies to maximize the Okta opportunity in those accounts</li>
<li>Conduct research and discovery to understand customer requirements and communicate the business value of solving technology problems using cloud technology</li>
<li>Execute the delivery of POCs for customers with complex use cases, collaborating with other Okta engineering teams as needed</li>
<li>Craft technical content to show customers how to implement specific use cases or standard methodologies for new technologies</li>
<li>Prepare and deliver demos to showcase how the Okta platform meets customer’s business needs and use cases.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Distill and communicate customer needs and product feedback to Product Management, Engineering, Marketing and Sales</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A passion to serve the customer, which has played out in some customer-facing role like consulting or support, ideally solutions engineering</li>
<li>An ability to quickly and effectively communicate complex technical concepts via presentation, slides and whiteboard&nbsp;</li>
<li>A good understanding of Identity &amp; Access Management (IAM): SSO, MFA, SCIM, OAuth 2.0, OIDC, SAML, and LDAP.</li>
<li>A strong understanding of Zero Trust Architecture and core security concerns within a typical application (password hashing, SSL/TLS, encryption at rest, XSS, XSRF)</li>
<li>Hands-on experience in one or more of the following areas is a plus: web (JavaScript, HTML, frontend frameworks) development, mobile (iOS, Android) development, backend (Java, C#, Node.js, Python, PHP, Ruby) development, IP-based real-time communications</li>
<li>Experience with cloud platforms: AWS, Azure, GCP.</li>
<li>You are an elite communicator</li>
<li>Can identify, map, and manage multiple personas: IT admins, CISOs, architects, procurement, and legal.</li>
<li>Confident dispensing knowledge to a highly skilled and experienced audience</li>
<li>Typically 10-25% travel</li>
<li>Native Spanish speaker is a must</li>
<li>Professional English proficiency (Spoken and written) is a must</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-JB2</p>
<p>#LI-HYBRID</p>
<p>P13995\_3347092</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>