<p>JetBrains is a well-known international software development company. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we’ve strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. Our products are used by more than 11 million users worldwide, and 88 Fortune Global 100 companies are our customers.</p>
<p>While we’re best known in the developer community, JetBrains is home to 2,500+ internationally minded professionals working from offices across Europe, the US, the Middle East, and Asia. If you’re passionate about meaningful work, tangible impact, and a collaborative culture that favors continuous improvement, you’ll find your place here.</p>
<p>Caring for our customers is deeply important to us, which is why we are now looking for a new Customer Sales Support Specialist to join our friendly international team in Prague.</p>
<p><strong>As part of our team, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Respond to incoming email inquiries from new and prospective customers.</li>
<li>Assist both individuals and business clients.</li>
<li>Distribute incoming requests to the appropriate sales, technical, and marketing teams.</li>
<li>Process online quote requests.</li>
<li>Support customers with subscription renewals, purchases, and licensing questions.</li>
<li>Handle inbound calls in a professional and helpful manner.</li>
<li>Maintain an up-to-date knowledge base of our product offerings, pricing, and ongoing promotions.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We will be thrilled if you have:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in sales support and customer service.</li>
<li>An excellent command of English (both written and spoken).</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills and a friendly, customer-focused attitude.</li>
<li>The ability to learn various internal tools and systems quickly.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">#LI-HYBRID</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">#LI-JP1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>