<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>We’re looking for a Customer Success Engineer (CSE) to help engineering teams successfully adopt <strong>Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) </strong>in real-world production environments.</p>
<h3>Role description:</h3>
<p>This role focuses on supporting organizations throughout their Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) adoption journey, from initial evaluation to successful production rollout, while also contributing to product improvements and the roadmap, with focus on KMP adoption, evaluation, feedback and advocacy.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Engage with organizations at various stages of KMP adoption within existing projects.</li>
<li>Support teams through migration, integration, and scaling of shared codebases.</li>
<li>Help teams overcome technical blockers and successfully move from experimentation to production use.</li>
<li>Proactively engage with prospective users who may benefit from KMP.</li>
<li>Understand customer use cases, technical constraints, and adoption challenges.</li>
<li>Provide practical guidance on feasibility, architecture decisions, and adoption strategies.</li>
<li>Gather structured feedback, insights, and pain points from customers.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product and engineering teams to influence the KMP roadmap and tooling improvements.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Example of the questions you'll help organizations answer:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>What’s the safest way to migrate a large Android app to shared logic?</li>
<li>How much should we actually share?</li>
<li>Our iOS team struggles with Kotlin APIs and pushes back. How do we address this?</li>
<li>How do we organize the codebase for better cross-team collaboration?</li>
<li>We added KMP, but builds became painfully slow. How do we fix that?</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What success will look like:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Organizations successfully adopt and ship Kotlin Multiplatform in production.</li>
<li>Shared code usage expands over time across teams.</li>
<li>Adoption continues beyond the initial evaluation phase.</li>
<li>Tangible improvements are made to the KMP product and tooling, driven by user feedback.</li>
</ul>
<h3>We will be happy to have you on our team if you have:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong experience with Kotlin (Android or backend).</li>
<li>A solid understanding of mobile architectures across Android and iOS.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to engage, influence, and build trust with senior engineers, tech leads, and business stakeholders.</li>
<li>The ability to clearly explain complex technical concepts to diverse audiences, adapting depth and messaging as needed.</li>
<li>Experience leading customer conversations, facilitating discussions, and aligning cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>A proactive and empathetic approach to understanding customer needs, challenges, and goals.</li>
<li>The willingness to travel up to 25% of the time.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Nice to have:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Hands-on experience with Kotlin Multiplatform.</li>
<li>Experience migrating or modernizing legacy and large-scale codebases.</li>
<li>A&nbsp; background in customer success, solutions architecture, or similar customer-facing roles.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why join JetBrains?&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li><strong>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible. (keep if relevant for the role)</strong></li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-HYBRID</span><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-REMOTE&nbsp;</span><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-JP1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>