<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p><strong>Your Impact </strong><br>As a member of our Global Talent Acquisition team you will be charged with full-life cycle recruitment efforts targeting experienced Technical candidates who align to the mission of the Axon organization: a sense of determination, recruiting prowess, and a desire to make an impact on the world. You're responsible for guiding both candidates and hiring teams through our hiring process. You are focused and driven, with an interpersonal savvy that allows you to partner effectively with candidates, hiring business partners, peers and executives. We are a scrappy bunch and recruiting is a team sport at Axon, so we expect our team to dive in to support one another and our exciting goals.<br><br>This role is based out of our London office and follows a hybrid schedule. We rely on in-person collaboration and ask that team members work onsite Tuesdays through Fridays, with the flexibility to work remotely on Mondays, unless there is an approved workplace accommodation. We believe that connection fuels innovation, and our in-office culture is designed to foster meaningful teamwork, mentorship, and shared success.<br><br><strong>What You’ll Do</strong><strong> </strong><br><strong>Reports to: </strong>Manager, Talent Acquisition</p>
<ul>
<li>Manage full life cycle recruitment processes from sourcing to offer stage for our hiring teams across the business.</li>
<li>Support hiring business partners with recruiting strategies to fill current needs while also developing a programmatic framework for pipelining talent for future needs.</li>
<li>Upkeep and review data and reporting to provide impactful data insights that identify trends and influence decision making for recruitment strategies.</li>
<li>Utilize Indeed, LinkedIn Recruiter, Greenhouse (Axon’s applicant tracking system) and other creative sourcing techniques to identify candidates and create a robust pipeline.</li>
<li>Measure outputs and iterate to ensure continuous improvement, championing new recruitment/sourcing/posting ideas, to include software tools.</li>
<li>Create a positive candidate experience; reinforce exceptional standards and provide timely feedback and follow up status for both internal/external candidates throughout the recruitment lifecycle.</li>
<li>Develop and cultivate rapport with hiring business leaders, talent acquisition, and peers; understand business objectives and translate these to talent needs and candidate profiles.</li>
<li>Drive and execute on DEI search strategies by proactively sourcing diverse talent, fostering an inclusive recruitment process, and partnering with hiring managers to build teams that reflect a wide range of backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences.</li>
<li>Implement effective diversity pipeline generation and engagement strategies.</li>
<li>Manage and prioritize multiple unique searches concurrently.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What You Bring</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree; equivalent years of demonstrated experience will also be considered</li>
<li>Minimum of 5 years of experience as a full-cycle Recruiter; combination of agency and corporate recruiting experience a plus</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience sourcing, recruiting and building strong candidate talent pipelines</li>
<li>Previous experience managing high volume requisitions both exempt and non-exempt level roles</li>
<li>Ability to deliver results and thrive in a fast paced environment and effectively manage and prioritize multiple projects and candidates</li>
<li>Decisive and able to influence others to drive results and create impact</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to network within the industry to identify top performers</li>
<li>A genuine passion for DEI and inclusivity by championing equity in all stages of the hiring lifecycle.</li>
<li>Superb customer service focus, attention to detail and organization skills</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and pension program</li>
<li>30 days paid time off</li>
<li>Company and performance bonus scheme</li>
<li>Paid extended parental leave for all</li>
<li>Private Health Insurance</li>
<li>Fitness Programs</li>
<li>Emotional &amp; Mental Wellness support</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development programs</li>
<li>And yes, we have snacks in our offices</li>
<li><em>Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work</em></li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>