<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>At Doctolib, we're on a mission to transform healthcare through the power of AI. As a <strong>Senior Data Engineer</strong>, you'll play a key role in building and optimizing the data foundations within the AI Team to deliver safe, scalable, and impactful models.</p>
<p>You will join a dedicated team working on data infrastructure for <strong>LLM, VLM and RAG-based systems</strong>, powering our new <strong>AI Medical Companion</strong>.</p>
<p>Your work will ensure that our engineers and data scientists can <strong>train, evaluate, and deploy AI models</strong> efficiently on high-quality, well-structured, and compliant data.</p>
<p>Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Ensure high standards of data quality for AI model inputs.</strong></li>
<li><strong>Design, build, and maintain scalable data pipelines</strong> on <strong>Google Cloud Platform (GCP)</strong> for AI and machine learning use cases.</li>
<li><strong>Implement data ingestion and transformation frameworks</strong> that power <strong>Retrieval</strong> systems and <strong>training datasets</strong> for LLMs and multimodal models.</li>
<li><strong>Architect and manage NoSQL and Vector Databases</strong> to store and retrieve embeddings, documents, and model inputs efficiently.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate with ML and platform teams</strong> to define data schemas, partitioning strategies, and governance rules that ensure privacy, scalability, and reliability.</li>
<li><strong>Integrate unstructured and structured data sources</strong> (text, speech,image, documents, metadata) into unified data models ready for AI consumption.</li>
<li><strong>Optimize performance and cost</strong> of data pipelines using GCP native services (BigQuery, Dataflow, Pub/Sub, Cloud Storage, Vertex AI).</li>
<li><strong>Contribute to data quality and lineage frameworks</strong>, ensuring AI models are trained on validated, auditable, and compliant datasets.</li>
<li>Continuously <strong>evaluate and improve our data stack</strong> to accelerate AI experimentation and deployment.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>You could be our next teammate if you have:</p>
<ul>
<li>Master’s or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Data Engineering, or a related field.</li>
<li><strong>5+ years of experience</strong> in Data Engineering, ideally supporting <strong>AI or ML workloads</strong>.</li>
<li>Strong experience with the <strong>GCP data ecosystem</strong></li>
<li>Proficiency in <strong>Python and SQL</strong>, with experience in <strong>data pipeline orchestration</strong> (e.g., Airflow, Dagster, Cloud Composer).</li>
<li>Deep understanding of <strong>NoSQL</strong> systems (e.g.,&nbsp; MongoDB) and <strong>vector databases</strong> (e.g.,&nbsp; FAISS, Vector Search).</li>
<li>Experience designing <strong>data architectures for RAG, embeddings, or model training pipelines</strong>.</li>
<li>Knowledge of <strong>data governance, security, and compliance</strong> for sensitive or regulated data.</li>
<li>Familiarity with <strong>W&amp;B / MLflow / Braintrust / DVC</strong> for experiment tracking and <strong>dataset versioning</strong> (extract snapshots, change tracking, reproducibility).</li>
<li>Familiarity with&nbsp; (Docker, Kubernetes) and <strong>CI/CD for data workflows</strong>.<strong>containerized environments</strong></li>
<li>A collaborative mindset and passion for building the data foundations of next-generation AI systems.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Free health insurance for you and your children</li>
<li>Parent Care Program: receive one additional month of leave on top of the legal parental leave</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including remote policy adaptations, extra days off, and psychological support</li>
<li>Work from EU countries and the UK for up to 10 days per year, thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Work Council subsidy to refund part of your sport club membership or creative class</li>
<li>Up to 14 days of RTT</li>
<li>Lunch voucher with Swile card<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>The interview process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>HR Screen</li>
<li>Technical Deep Dive&nbsp;</li>
<li>System Design</li>
<li>Behavioral Interview</li>
<li>Reference check and criminal records check</li>
</ol>
<p>Offer!</p>