**Our mission and customers:** We are creating the freedom for SMEs to succeed by delivering Europe's leading finance workspace with banking at its core, augmented by financial tools. We are proud to be [***rated 4.8 on Trustpilot***](https://www.trustpilot.com/review/qonto.com)***[,](https://www.trustpilot.com/review/qonto.com)***based on 55,000+ reviews. [***Our culture***](https://qonto.com/en/careers/culture)puts customer satisfaction at the core of what we do, as proven by our Net Promoter Score of 75.

**Our journey:**Founded in 2017 by[***Alexandre***](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aprot/) and [***Steve***](https://www.linkedin.com/in/steveanavi/)***,*** Qonto has grown to 1,600+ Qontoers serving over 600,000+ customers across 8 European countries. We have been profitable since 2023, and we are just getting started.

**Our beliefs:** We hire for skills and potential. With 80+ nationalities, 45% women, of which 56% of women in our leadership team, diversity isn't a program; It's who we are. [***We've built a discrimination-free hiring process***](https://medium.com/qonto-way/a-recruiters-dilemma-confronting-bias-in-hiring-b78acce148eb) because the best teams are built on merit.

**AI at Qonto:** AI is deeply embedded in how we work (**[*here*](https://medium.com/qonto-way/ai-at-qonto-vision-statement-725a7e2f659b)**)*-* Every Qontoer gets unlimited access to the best AI tools. We want people who experiment without waiting for permission, push AI beyond the obvious, know when to trust it, and when to question it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Join our Anti-Financial Crime (AFC) team to protect Qonto and its users by detecting and reporting suspicious activities. You will play a key role in our fight against financial crime, while ensuring we meet our regulatory reporting obligations to the French administration (Tracfin).

**👩‍💻🧑‍💻 As an AFC Analyst at Qonto, you will**

• **Investigate & Report:** Draft high-quality Enhanced Investigations (EI) and Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) for the French Financial Intelligence Unit (Tracfin).

• **Handle Alerts:** Handle escalated alerts from our LoD1 teams with efficiency and precision, to detect potential money laundering or fraud attempts.

• **Maintain Quality Standards:** Ensure all your investigations and reports meet our strict internal quality standards and regulatory deadlines.

• **Contribute to Team Success:** Participate in side tasks and team projects to continuously improve our detection tools and operational processes.

• **Knowledge sharing :** Help identify emerging trends and share the knowledge with the team.

**🤔 What you can expect**

• **Fast-Paced Environment:** We operate in a dynamic fintech setting where reactivity and adaptability are key; you will handle a high volume of cases without compromising on quality ("Go fast but do it right").

• **Collaborative Culture:** You will join a close-knit AFC team that values peer support, with weekly team meetings and regular 1-on-1s to foster your growth.

• **Learning & Development:** You will work on a variety of cases (AML, Tax Fraud, Scams, Fraud in general) allowing you to build a strong generalist skillset while deepening your knowledge in scams.

• **Tools:** You will work with our internal proprietary back-office tools and communicate via Slack.

**🤝 About your future manager**

• **Her path?**

Garance holds a Master's degree in Criminal Law and Criminal Sciences, and joined Qonto in 2023. She has built an impressive track record within the company, rapidly climbing the ranks through Junior and Senior Officer roles before being promoted to her current position as Lead Anti Financial Crime.

• **What does she bring to the team?**

You will report to Garance, who leads part of the AFC team. Garance is a hands-on manager who values transparency and autonomy. She is committed to her team's development and progression. She looks for team players who are eager to learn and ready to tackle the challenge of balancing speed with impeccable quality.

**🏅 About You**

• **Linguistic Skills:** **You speak French fluently (min. C2 level)** with **impeccable writing skills** (spelling, grammar, and syntax are non-negotiable for drafting official reports). You also have a professional command of **English (min. C1 level)**.

• **Background:** You hold a Master’s degree in **Law** (Business Law, Criminal Law, Compliance) or a related field.

• **Experience:** You have a first experience in AFC, Compliance, or Fraud, or a strong demonstrated interest in these topics.

• **Analytical Mindset:** You are rigorous, detail-oriented, and able to synthesize complex information into clear, concise reports.

• **Appetite for Fraud:** You have a genuine curiosity for understanding general AFC mechanisms, specifically private scams, and want to develop your knowledge in this area.

*At Qonto we understand that true diversity isn't just about ticking boxes on a hiring checklist. Apply regardless of the boxes you tick! Who knows? You may have the missing piece of the puzzle we've been searching for all along.*

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On average, **our hiring process lasts** **20 working days****.** More information on our candidate journey ***[here](https://qonto.com/en/careers/candidate-journey)***

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**🔒 Your security matters to us**

Recruitment scams are on the rise. Keep in mind, we will never work with third-party platforms or agencies that request payment from candidates.

If you receive a suspicious message claiming to be from Qonto, please report it right away ([support@qonto.com](mailto:support@qonto.com))