<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Dublin | 💰€45,000 - €55,000 +<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"> </a>incentive awards tied to your performance➕ benefits |<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4"> Hear from the team</a> ✨</p>
<p><strong>⭐Our Finance team</strong></p>
<p>Our Finance team is growing and we’re looking for a curious, adaptive and data-focused Regulatory Reporting Analyst with a strong attention to detail to join our regulatory reporting team at Monzo EU (Ireland). The team is responsible for understanding our prudential regulatory reporting requirements, working on projects to set up and submit these and collaborating with teams across the Group.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Setting up and operating processes to produce timely, accurate and complete regulatory reporting and Pillar 3 disclosures for Monzo’s regulators (and the associated management information required for sign-off) e.g. Central Bank of Ireland</li>
<li>Understanding, reviewing and documenting the applicable regulatory interpretations, such as the Capital Requirements Regulations (CRR) and Basel 3.1&nbsp;</li>
<li>Designing and implementing controls to ensure regulatory reporting is timely, accurate and complete and that regulatory compliance is maintained&nbsp;</li>
<li>Facilitating appropriate governance over regulatory reporting and ensuring compliance with the applicable control framework</li>
<li>Implementation and testing (UAT) of new releases of the Bank’s automated regulatory reporting tool&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partnering with teams internally to help them make informed business decisions and providing regulatory reporting input into new product launches</li>
<li>Ensuring any regulatory reporting you’re responsible for runs like clockwork, including leveraging data visualisation tools to build dashboards and facilitate useful insights</li>
<li>Designing brilliant ways to automate your work and leverage technology to ensure we scale with the business</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’re a qualified or part qualified accountant with experience working within financial services.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have previous knowledge of regulatory reporting, such as capital reporting (COREP), liquidity reporting (e.g. LCR) or financial reporting (FINREP)&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re excited by data and have a sharp eye for detail, with amazing Excel or GSheets skills&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have experience with some coding languages like SQL would be a bonus, although a willingness to learn is just fine&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have a proven record of implementing processes to deliver to non-negotiable, regulatory deadlines</li>
<li>You have experience in the large-scale implementation and testing (UAT) of automated reporting solutions&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>You want to automate or enhance recurring processes, particularly by leveraging technology, but know how to balance this with getting the actual reports out!</li>
<li>You have an open mind, enjoy transparency and think outside the box</li>
<li>What we’re doing at Monzo excites you!</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything thats listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰€45,000 - €55,000 ➕ incentive awards tied to your performance.</p>
<p>⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>🏝 Annual Leave - 34 days including public holidays (24 holiday days + 10 public holidays)</p>
<p>📚€1,200 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏥Private healthcare scheme</p>
<p>💰Pension scheme: the minimum contribution is 4% and Monzo matches any additional contributions that you make up to a maximum of 6%</p>
<p>💛Wellbeing benefits: financial education, women’s and men’s health support, mental health benefits, including coaching and counselling</p>
<p><strong>🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An introductory call with a Monzo Recruiter</li>
<li>An initial call with the hiring manager</li>
<li>A series of technical and behavioural interviews</li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 2-3 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here.</p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you're successful in applying for this role, we'll work with you to find a start date. In some cases, there might be a delay in when you can be released from your current role so that we can make sure things continue to run smoothly. We’ll be sure to communicate this with you and keep you updated.</p>
<p>#LI-ÉS1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>