<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Outbound Operative</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Derby, UK</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Rate of Pay:</strong></span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> £13.98/hour &nbsp;+ 20% Nightshift Uplift</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Abo</strong><strong>ut the Team:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Inbound/Outbound Operative is responsible for the uninterrupted flow of goods out of the Warehouse. Reporting to the Outbound supervisor you will ensure all goods are accurately in line with dispatch, the quality of the product is to the highest standard during the staging process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Pallets are loaded onto trailers with use of MHE - Mainly PPT truck, in accordance to the set timeframes following best practices at all times.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will be working to ensure best practices are followed at all times. Guided by our Team Leaders, you’ll be directed to maintain the highest product standards whilst delivering on business KPIs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will be doing:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Maintain the uninterrupted flow of goods in and out of our warehouses</li>
<li>Work in both ambient and temperature-controlled environments</li>
<li>Keep the warehouse clear and ensure any potential hazards are dealt with quickly and efficiently</li>
<li>Continually review operating systems and procedures, recommending any changes to improve operational efficiency</li>
<li>Liaise with Line Leaders, Quality Checkers, Inventory and Shift Managers</li>
<li>Ensure all boxes are being staged correctly from the end of line and the correct pellets are loaded into correct trailers following Pallet Manifest and Supervisor instructions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Adhering to and upholding strict Health and Safety standards</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Who you are:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Keen eye for detail</li>
<li>Good organizational skills and a methodical approach to work</li>
<li>Excellent team working and communication skills</li>
<li>Energy, enthusiasm, positive, commitment and a can-do flexible attitude</li>
<li>Strong work ethic</li>
<li>Practical knowledge and experience in an operational environment</li>
<li>Quick and effective problem solver</li>
<li>Work well under pressure and have the ability to meet tight deadlines</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">MHE Experience - (PPT/Forklift/Reach Truck)</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Company Pension Scheme</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cycle to Work Scheme</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Life Assurance</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Free Hot Drinks on shift</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">HelloFresh Branded Fleece and Beanie</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Location:</strong></span></p>
<p>The Windmill, 1 Holme Lane, Spondon, Derby, DE21 7HW</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Work Schedule:</strong></span><strong> </strong>Fixed Shift Pattern</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Next Steps:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks</p>
<p>As part of our recruitment process, we undertake a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check for all successful candidates</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>
<p><strong><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#windmillquality&quot;}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:21379,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:0},&quot;4&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:15987699},&quot;10&quot;:2,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;12&quot;:0,&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Arial&quot;,&quot;17&quot;:1}">#windmillwarehouse</span></strong></p>
<p><strong><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#JD1003&quot;}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:4224,&quot;10&quot;:2,&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Arial&quot;}">#JD1003</span></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>