## Your Mission

Internship is set for: 12 months<br><ul><li>Define, review and document the test bench specifications</li><li>Build up various test benches according to the specifications - You need to ensure that the test environment is consistent, stable and verified prior to use;</li><li>Support the feature teams solving issues the test benches might have</li><li>Support on installation and setup of reflash equipment;</li><li>You will use different tools and techniques for reflash new Software on real Hardware to support development and test team to reproduce bugs and verify bug fixes</li></ul>

## Your Profile

<ul><li>You have (or you are in process of obtaining) a degree in Automotive Electronics / Electronic Engineering / Electrical Engineering or a comparable field</li><li>You have passion for technology and desire to develop your skills within automotive.</li><li>Proficient in English, able to freely communicate on complex and technical topics with your colleagues</li></ul><br><strong>Personal Skills:</strong><br><br><ul><li>You are self-organized and highly collaborative</li><li>You are a team player with very good communication skills</li><li>You have a continuous learning attitude</li><li>You have a hands-on mentality</li><li>You are open and have an outgoing personality</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz Group AG</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>Flexible working hours, flexible scheme for working from home</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:<ul><li>Job title and reference number</li><li>Salary expectations</li><li>Earliest start date</li></ul>You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!<br>You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Grigor Cekov (<a href="mailto:grigor.cekov@mercedes-benz.com">grigor.cekov@mercedes-benz.com</a>), who will support you in the further application process.<br>Recruitment notice:Due to high volumes of applications, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.<br><br><br>