<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>Summary:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: Amsterdam<br><strong>Duration</strong>: 3 months<br><strong>Start date</strong>: June 2026&nbsp;<br><strong>Compensation</strong>: Paid<br><strong>Eligibility</strong>: Current University student (Computer Science or related field), Recent Graduate or Early Career specialist<br><strong>Work authorization</strong>: Permitted to work in the job’s location</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400+ employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Operation:
<ul>
<li>assist, where possible in day-to-day SRE operations tasks in NetInfra</li>
<li>deploy tested and approved changes following clear instructions</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Project work:
<ul>
<li>execute small and well-defined tasks from the backlog</li>
<li>together or instead: work on small and well-defined SRE project from backlog</li>
<li>create tests for their changes/project (if applicable)</li>
<li>write technical documentation about their work</li>
<li>track and update Jira tasks according to their progress</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Learning and growth:
<ul>
<li>actively study network and system fundamentals: Ethernet and ip networks, routing, Linux Kernel, eBPF, traffic control, ipvs, dpdk</li>
<li>learn internal tools, workflows and operational standards</li>
<li>learn container and platform fundamentals: Kubernetes (core architecture and networking), Helm, Terraform</li>
<li>learn configuration management and automation basics</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>What we expect you to have</strong></div>
<ul data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li>demonstrate strong interest and foundational knowledge in cloud providers, operations, networking, hardware, and software</li>
<li>programming experience in any of Python, Go or C++</li>
<li>basic understanding of the Network (ethernet, ip, tcp/udp, routing fundamentals)</li>
<li>familiarity with Git</li>
<li>basic understanding of containers, Kubernetes and IAC (Infra As Code) approach</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package</li>
<li>Mentorship from experienced AI, ML, and cloud infrastructure professionals</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with real customer workloads and production systems</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunity to be considered for a full-time role after the Early Talent Program</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>