<p>Our SLED sales team works with a best-of-breed product that solves real problems for our customers. Sellers follow a well-defined methodology that helps them identify the customer's unique needs and clearly convey the value of the Datadog product. Whether you're looking to learn from the best or be the best, the Datadog sales team is dedicated to furthering personal development and team success.</p>
<p>We are searching for an experienced SLED Sales Executive that has a real passion for technology and can deliver on bold revenue targets. As we continue to enter into bigger markets, and formalize our support for the Public Sector enterprise segment, this division within Datadog will blaze the path for organizational growth. This is a lucrative opportunity to break into new State, Local, and Education accounts within a rich territory, as well work with accounts who are in a hybrid state and transitioning to the cloud.&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prospect into large State, Local, and Education organizations while running an efficient sales process</li>
<li>Maintain, build and own specific relationship maps for your territory including existing relationships and aspirational contacts</li>
<li>Develop a deep comprehension of customer's business</li>
<li>Negotiate favorable pricing and business terms with large SLED enterprises by selling value and ROI</li>
<li>Handle existing customer expectations while expanding reach and depth into assigned territory</li>
<li>Demonstrate resourcefulness when faced with challenges that defy easy solution</li>
<li>Have intuitive sense of necessary steps to close business and gain customer validation</li>
<li>Identify robust set of value drivers behind all opportunities</li>
<li>Ensure high forecasting accuracy and consistency</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Someone with 5+ years closing experience (mix of field selling within assigned SLED region)</li>
<li>Someone with 2-3+ years of SLED/Gov sales experience</li>
<li>Driven and have met/exceeded direct sales goals of 1M+ and operated with an average deal size of $100k+</li>
<li>Able to demonstrate methodology to prospect and build pipeline on your own</li>
<li>Experienced in working for an innovative tech company (SaaS, IT infrastructure or similar preferred)</li>
<li>Experienced in selling into large SLED organizations with the ability to win new logos</li>
<li>Role requires regular travel to client sites, within your area and other regions, using various modes of transportation (car, train, air), depending on business needs.</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High income earning opportunities based on self performance</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSU) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing&nbsp;</li>
<li>Sales training in MEDDIC and Command of the Message&nbsp;</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking&nbsp;</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, opportunity to join our Community Guilds</li>
<li>Generous and competitive medical benefits package</li>
<li>Retirement savings match</li>
<li>Pet adoption and insurance program</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>