<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY:</strong></p>
<p>We have a unique opportunity for a highly motivated, energetic individual interested in continued career growth to join our team as a Regional Vice President in the<strong>&nbsp;Florida (Greater Tampa, St. Petersburg, Clearwater)&nbsp;</strong>market.&nbsp; We are looking for an individual who will be responsible for meeting/exceeding sales goals and developing new as well as maintaining existing client relationships with financial advisors. This is a sales position, with a base salary and monthly commission paid on territory sales.</p>
<p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and maintain profitable, productive relationships with financial advisors in an assigned territory to significantly capture sales and market share.</li>
<li>Manage client relationships primarily through face-to-face visits throughout territory, but also with telephone and email communications. Use deliberate, thoughtful scheduling and calendar management to maximize client time and to ensure activity corresponds to territory priorities.</li>
<li>Develop and implement business plans for the territory using activity-oriented objectives, to guide day-to-day priorities and to track progress against goals.</li>
<li>Work closely with internal wholesalers to continue to develop already established territories.</li>
<li>Explain in detail the features, benefits, and advantages of the Global Atlantic products to financial advisors.</li>
<li>Demonstrate effective use of client &amp; territory management tools including salesforce.</li>
<li>Leverage and maximize centers of influence in the territory.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>QUALIFICATIONS:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven track record of consistently meeting and/or exceeding performance expectations.</li>
<li>Drive performance targets to completion.</li>
<li>Proficiency in financial services sales, wholesaling, retirement plans, relationship management.</li>
<li>Responsible, conscientious, and self-motivated.</li>
<li>Develop a business strategy within the territory, including implementing business plans around focus firms and identifying business opportunities.</li>
<li>Ability to create and deliver effective presentations, seminars, workshops, and branch meetings to current and prospective brokers.</li>
<li>Be flexible with ability to accept, create and manage change.</li>
<li>Display willingness to quickly learn product lines, procedures, and workflows.</li>
<li>Must successfully obtain/maintain all applicable State License including Life, Health and Variable Lines of Authority. The following licenses must also be obtained: Series 7, Series 63, and all non-resident state licensing for all states in the territory</li>
<li>5-7+ years of financial services sales experience preferred.</li>
</ul>
<p>The base salary for this position is $60,000 plus monthly variable incentive compensation.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>