Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

In 2001, Veepee revolutionised consumer spending by creating the concept of online sales-events, now better known as flash sales: branded products available in limited quantities, for a limited time (3 to 5 days), offered at a steep discount and with a creative and engaging presentation. In 2019, building on its European development strategy started in 2006, vente-privee changes its name to Veepee, a global brand present in 10 European countries. From being a non-specialist site dedicated to the online sale of stocks of major brands, Veepee has become a multi-specialist site with expertise in all the sectors in which it operates: Fashion, Footwear, Home, Children, Gourmet and Travel. Close collaboration with 7,000 brands allows Veepee to offer exclusive discounts compared to recommended retail prices. With 4,500 employees and millions of members worldwide, Veepee realised a net consumer sales value of EUR 3.3 billion in 2024.

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- From Veepee we are looking for an intern to support the sales team in our Barcelona office. Your mission will be to ensure the operational management of sales in conjunction with the KAM. Ensuring the optimal collection of brand elements (offer, price and final stock), the analysis of the offer and the support to the KAM activity.

## 🎯 TASKS

- **Activity 1 : Analytical Management**
- Analyze the offer and make recommendations to the buyers in order to ensure the attractiveness of the offer.
- Preparing the analysis of the offer to the salesperson in order to guarantee its attractiveness-Analysis of the following data:
- The composition of the offer : presence of key categories, volume per reference, and cross checking with information collected from previous sales.
- Catalogue information: references, sizes, colours, refco, category, shipping fees strategy
- KPIs of negotiation : purchase price, retail price, sales price, product margin, discount, taxes-Comparison with previous sales : price, sell through, operation code, date, logistic flow
- Analyze a competitive intelligence (manual or automated, depending on the sector)
- Pricing and margin recommendations using the tools provided by making recommendations to the Buyer and the Content Manager to optimize the offer in terms of range, stock and price and to put it online.
- End of sales reports, and analysis of improvement levers and actions to implement for the next operation.
- **Activity 2 : Commercial Management**
- Preparation of presentation materials for brand meetings with mi-tic reports, and participation when necessary.
- Commercial back up in the process up to the closing of the operation.
- Daily support in the commercial relationship with the brand (calls and emails).
- **Activity 3 : Operational Management**
- Ensure the good operational management of sales in direct relation with the commercial partner.
- Coordinate the proper contractual management with partners and manage possible first level disputes.
- Transmit the details of the commercial offer to the Data Coordinators to ensure data integration.
- Ensuring the safety of the date of the sale by making sure the offer, the final prices and stocks are received on time, and working along with the content manager.
- **Activity 4 : Inventory tracking (if required)**
- Sales Returns Management-
- Inventory optimization: internal inventory breakdown, management of reinjections

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- Bachelor/ Master student or graduated in ADE, Economics, or similar.
- You have the ability to balance multiple priorities and a “can-do” attitude.
- Attention to detail.
- Fluent in Spanish and English (in both speaking and writing).
- Autonomous and time responsive to the reporting deadlines.
- Good knowledge of Excel and Google sheets.
- Adapting in a changing environment full of ambitious challenges, which helps you push your limits even further and develop your expertise.
- **Eligible for an internship. Available for at least 6 months full time.**

## ✅ BENEFITS

👉 Flexible working hours ⌚️  
👉 Dynamic and creative environment within international teams 🌍  
👉 A variety of self-learning courses on our e-learning platform 👓  
👉 Team buildings & after-work events 💃  
👉 Hybrid working model → up to 2 days working from home 🏡🏢

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.