<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Marketing Lead, APAC</strong></span></p>
<p>Adyen is looking for an experienced, strategic leader with a proven track record in B2B marketing. This role will work from our Singapore office and report directly to the VP Marketing, APAC.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Marketing Lead, APAC is responsible for creating Adyen’s marketing strategy in order to drive marketing goals with a heavy focus on new customer acquisition, spanning positioning and demand generation across owned, earned and paid channels. You will serve as a conduit between local commercial leadership teams and marketing teams on regional and global level.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate has a strong commercial mindset, is motivated to form an intimate understanding of Adyen’s business model and commercial organization and excellent communication skills. We are looking for an experienced leader who thrives in an international environment, and who is passionate about coaching marketers to create successful programs throughout the funnel.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead field and digital marketing for Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Malaysia and Hong Kong</li>
<li>Manage goal setting, planning, spend allocation and team planning together with global marketing and regional commercial leadership</li>
<li>Build awareness across a wide set of industries with a core focus on acquiring new customers through a strong integrated marketing strategy</li>
<li>Work with country marketing teams, digital marketing teams to plan, optimize and evaluate campaigns and spend in alignment to drive a strong return on investment</li>
<li>Build, coach and lead the local country marketing teams on individual as well as organizational team goals in line with business objectives</li>
<li>Prepare quarterly and annual spend allocation for the marketing initiatives, and continuously optimize ROI</li>
<li>Work closely with the global and regional marketing leadership to ensure the successful implementation of global and regional initiatives</li>
<li>Work closely with the VP of Marketing, APAC on strategic and operational projects that drive impact for the larger marketing organization</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your background:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years experience in a multi-dimensional marketing role, with experience across the full marketing mix (owned, earned and paid)</li>
<li>5+ years of team leadership experience preferably in a regional role handling multiple markets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrable digital experience and understanding of search (including LLM), paid media and social media marketing&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong communication and interpersonal skills, which allow you to quickly build rapport with teams across different markets</li>
<li>You like to understand the ROI of marketing activities and foster an iterative way of working and learning to drive strong results</li>
<li>A strategic and commercial mindset, with a proven track record of liaising with commercial functions to deliver impactful marketing programs</li>
<li>A respected and trusted leader with experience in coaching and developing teams to perform at their best capacity</li>
<li>Ability to travel up to 20+% of the time</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Singapore office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>