<div class="content-intro"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>About Neo4j:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is the graph intelligence platform that transforms data into knowledge to power the next generation of intelligent applications and AI systems. It includes enterprise-ready knowledge graphs for accurate, explainable, and governed AI; the most comprehensive, trusted, and easy-to-deploy graph capabilities across any environment and data source; and an unmatched ecosystem trusted by 84 of the Fortune 100 and supported by the world’s largest graph community.&nbsp;Intelligence that works. Results that matter.</p>
<p>Built to work everywhere and integrate with everything across every cloud for dynamic, personalized, and autonomous AI systems. We deliver quicker results, contextual knowledge, and solutions that impact customers and employees across the business.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Our Vision:&nbsp;</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Neo4j, we have always strived to help the world make sense of data.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As business, society and knowledge become increasingly connected, our technology promotes innovation by helping organizations to find and understand data relationships. We created, drive and lead the graph database category, and we’re disrupting how organizations leverage their data to innovate and stay competitive.</span></p>
</div></div><h1>About this Role</h1>
<ul>
<li>In this role, you will contribute to Neo4j's accelerated growth and will ensure strong collaboration between Sales, Marketing, Business Development, Revenue Intelligence and other departments across Neo4j, to help design &amp; implement revenue growth strategies</li>
<li>The role will require strong cross-functional partnership to provide scalable processes, strategies and tactics to enable us to grow and capture market share across the world</li>
<li>You will be an essential member of the wider Revenue Operations team, and a subject matter expert in Sales Operations</li>
<li>Develop key metrics and implement strategic initiatives to ensure strong alignment with company goals&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop automated efficiencies wherever possible and create repeatable processes scale the effectiveness of our sellers and Revenue Strategy teams</li>
<li>Help with determining and prioritizing operational priorities connected to customer acquisition, growth, and ongoing success as we work towards our revenue and efficiency goals</li>
<li>Establish high levels of quality, accuracy, and process consistency in planning, forecasting, and other efforts run by Sales Operations</li>
<li>Understand and assist with annual planning, territory design, sales compensation planning, sales quota allocation, compensation policies, and general sales alignment</li>
<li>Execute effective change management and communications for technology implementations and automation within the Sales organization</li>
<li>Partner with the Office of the CRO &amp; Revenue Intelligence teams to deliver core quantitative analysis; develop reporting and dashboards to show performance, trends, opportunities, and risks across the customer life cycle</li>
</ul>
<h1>Qualifications</h1>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in Sales Operations or Revenue Operations with a strong track record of improving revenue generating processes through expertise, consistency, and cross functional execution</li>
<li>Highly organized and continuously improvement-driven, focused on making lasting impact across people, processes, and systems</li>
<li>Trusted partner to Sales and overlay teams, known for translating business goals into operational strategies that help GTM teams scale</li>
<li>Deep cross-functional experience collaborating across Sales, Marketing, Finance, and Systems teams to drive strategy, execution, and alignment</li>
<li>Excellent communicator with a collaborative, solution-oriented mindset that fosters trust and momentum across teams</li>
<li>Skilled at providing sales leaders with actionable insights, performance trends, and pipeline visibility to support strategic decision making</li>
<li>Operates independently in fast paced, ambiguous environments with a bias for informed action and execution</li>
<li>Proven success in designing and implementing scalable processes that increase seller productivity and unlock growth opportunities</li>
<li>Expert in GTM workflows related to core sales technology systems to support internal workflows across AI, Salesforce and key third-party tools (Gong, Zoominfo, Outreach,etc.) with a focus on continuous optimization and driving adoption to improve sales workflows</li>
<li>Strong presentation and storytelling abilities able to distill insights and influence stakeholders at all levels, from executive leadership to frontline teams</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Why Join Neo4j?</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is, without question, the most popular graph intelligence platform in the world. We have customers in every industry globally, and our products are a proven product/market fit. Joining our team is an opportunity to shape the future of data and analytics. Below are just a few exciting facts about Neo4j.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Neo4j is one of the fastest-scaling technology companies in this industry. It <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/neo4j-revenue-milestone-2024/">recently surpassed $200M</a> in annual recurring revenue (ARR), doubling its ARR <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/2021-company-momentum/">over the past three years.</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li>Raised the biggest funding round in database history ($325M Series F). Backed by world-class investors like Eurazeo, GV (formerly Google Ventures), and Inovia Capital, Neo4j has raised over $600M in funding and is currently valued at over $2Bn. This puts Neo4j among the most well-funded database companies in history.</li>
<li>84% of the Fortune 100 and 58% of the Fortune 500 use Neo4j. Examples include <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/boston-scientific/">Boston Scientific</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/bt/">BT Group</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/caterpillar/">Caterpillar</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/cisco/">Cisco</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/comcast/">Comcast</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/department-for-education-uk/">Department for Education UK</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/ebay/">eBay</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/nbc-news/">NBC News</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/novo-nordisk/">Novo Nordisk</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/worldline/">Worldline</a>, and <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/">others</a>.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Co-founder and CEO Emil Eifrem has built an amazing culture that prides itself on relationships, inclusiveness, innovation, and customer success.</li>
<li>Countless <a href="https://neo4j.com/awards/">industry awards</a>. Massive enterprises and individual developers/data scientists love Neo4j. A strong sense of community and ecosystem is built around the platform.</li>
<li>A recent Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Study cited Neo4j as delivering 417% ROI to customers.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="https://www.bizjournals.com/bizwomen/news/profiles-strategies/2022/07/getting-the-job-how-gender-equity.html?page=all">Research</a> shows that members of underrepresented communities are less likely to apply for jobs when they don’t meet all the qualifications. <strong>If this is part of the reason you hesitate to apply, we’d encourage you to reconsider and give us the opportunity to review your application. </strong>At Neo4j, we are committed to building awareness and helping to improve these issues.&nbsp;</p>
<p>One of our central objectives is to provide an inclusive, diverse, and equitable workplace for everyone to develop their potential and have a positive, career-defining experience. We look forward to receiving your application.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Neo4j Values:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is a Silicon Valley company with a Swedish soul. We foster collaboration and each of us is empowered to contribute and put our innovative stamp on projects. We hire candidates who reflect the following Neo4j core values:</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:VALUE]-&gt;(relationships)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:FOCUS\_ON]-&gt;(userSuccess)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:THRIVE\_IN]-&gt;(:Culture {type: [‘Open’, ‘Inclusive’]})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:ASSUME]-&gt;(:Intent {direction:’Positive’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:WELCOME]-&gt;(:Discussions {nature: ‘IntellectuallyHonest’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:DELIVER\_ON]-&gt;(ourCommitments)&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the</span><a href="https://neo4j.com/privacy-policy/recruitment-process/?ref=hr-"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">privacy notice regarding Neo4j's recruitment process</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to understand how we will handle the personal data that you provide.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<span style="font-weight: 400;">More information at</span><a href="http://www.neo4j.com/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"><a href="https://www.neo4j.com">www.neo4j.com</a></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-weight: 400;">©2026 Neo4j, Inc., Neo Technology®, Neo4j®, Cypher®, Neo4j Bloom™, Neo4j Graph Data Science Library™, Neo4j® Aura™, and Neo4j® AuraDB™ are registered trademarks or a trademark of Neo4j, Inc. All other marks are owned by their respective companies.</span></div></div>