<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p></p>
<p><strong></strong></p>
<p><strong>Why Join KKR</strong></p>
<p>KKR’s Technology organization is a global team of technologists and product managers dedicated to building solutions that drive value for our investors, clients, and businesses. We bring a passion for innovation and a commitment to delivering high-quality, impactful products that solve complex challenges.</p>
<p>Collaboration, curiosity, and continuous learning are at the heart of our culture. We value diverse perspectives, open communication, and a shared focus on delivering excellence. As part of this team, you will contribute to solutions that are scalable, adaptable, and critical to KKR’s success.</p>
<ul>
<li>Be part of a <strong>growing Dublin engineering hub</strong> at one of the world’s most respected investment firms.</li>
<li>Work on&nbsp;<strong>mission-critical systems</strong> that directly enable business outcomes.</li>
<li>Collaborate with talented teams across engineering, product, and investment functions.</li>
<li>Competitive compensation, benefits, and opportunities for professional growth.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The Opportunity&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>KKR is seeking an experienced<strong> Engineering Manager - AWS Integrations.</strong>&nbsp;The ideal candidate will be responsible for designing and implementing AWS cloud solutions, ensuring seamless integration with existing systems and optimizing performance. This role is pivotal in driving our cloud strategy and enhancing our technological capabilities. This role offers exciting opportunities for growth and impact as KKR scales its business and continues to innovate.</p>
<p>As part of our continued investment in Ireland, KKR is launching a Technology &amp; Engineering Centre of Excellence in Dublin. This new hub will play a central role in developing proprietary, cloud-native platforms that drive innovation and deliver measurable impact across our global operations. Areas of focus include investment technology, portfolio construction and management, liquidity solutions, risk analytics, and advanced data platforms.</p>
<p>This is an exceptional opportunity to join a growing team within one of the world’s leading investment firms. You will contribute to high-visibility, strategic initiatives that are critical to the success of KKR’s business — working alongside talented professionals at the forefront of technology in the asset management industry.</p>
<p>Our engineering teams build systems that help shape the future of the firm. We’re committed to attracting and developing top-tier technology talent in Ireland.</p>
<p>Responsibilities:</p>
<ul>
<li>Design and implement AWS solutions to meet business requirements.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate AWS services with existing infrastructure.</li>
<li>Monitor and optimize performance of AWS environments.</li>
<li>Ensure security and compliance within AWS cloud solutions.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain documentation for AWS integrations.</li>
<li>Provide technical support and guidance on AWS-related projects.</li>
<li>Stay updated with the latest AWS technologies and best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p>Required skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>12+ years hands-on experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proficiency in Python, C#, and SQL.</li>
<li>Strong experience in application development using AWS services, including Lambda, Step Functions, MSK (Kafka), EventBridge, API Gateway, Cognito, CloudWatch, SNS, SQS, EC2, and ECS.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with infrastructure-as-code (IaC) tools such as Terraform, CDK, or CloudFormation.</li>
<li>Proven track record as an AWS Integration Engineer or in a similar role, with a focus on system and application integrations.</li>
<li>Familiarity with networking and security protocols.</li>
<li>Exposure to Salesforce or other CRM integrations is a plus.</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and excellent collaboration abilities.</li>
<li>AWS Certification preferred.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;#LI-ONSITE</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>