<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE TEAM</h3>
<p>As part of our Member Engagement Marketing (MEM) department, the Inside Sales team builds strong relationships with existing members and introduces them to new Tide products that can fuel their success. We work closely with Product, Marketing and Support to stay ahead of new launches and ensure our members get the best solutions at the right time.</p>
<h3>ABOUT THE ROLE</h3>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Inside Sales Executive (International Market)</strong> you’ll be at the frontline of Tide’s growth. You’ll engage directly with our members, understand their business needs, and recommend tailored fintech solutions that help them thrive.</p>
<p>👉 <strong>You don’t need to find your own leads.</strong> Tide provides you with pre-qualified member data, carefully selected using insights and behaviour signals to ensure you’re speaking with members who have the highest potential for the products you’re selling. This means you can focus on what you do best: building relationships, closing sales, and hitting targets.</p>
<p>In this role, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Call and engage existing Tide members, building rapport and trust to uncover opportunities</li>
<li>Pitch, upsell and cross-sell relevant Tide products and services to maximise member success and revenue growth</li>
<li>Stay ahead of upcoming product launches and help shape how we bring them to market</li>
<li>Consistently achieve individual and team KPIs in a data-driven, performance-focused environment</li>
<li>Provide feedback on leads, scripts, and campaigns to continuously improve sales effectiveness</li>
<li>Accurately log all interactions, feedback and sales outcomes in CRM tools</li>
<li>Take ownership of ad-hoc projects that support Tide’s wider commercial growth</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT MAKES YOU A GREAT FIT</h3>
<p>We’re looking for someone with the drive to succeed in a fintech scale-up and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced sales environment. You’ll be:</p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced in outbound telesales (minimum 2 years), ideally with UK or international clients</li>
<li>Proven in hitting and exceeding revenue-based targets</li>
<li>Skilled in consultative sales, with excellent negotiation, persuasion, and objection-handling abilities</li>
<li>Confident, energetic and target-oriented, with a passion for helping businesses succeed</li>
<li>A strong communicator in English (C1 level preferred), with a professional telephone manner</li>
<li>Adaptable and open to working UK-aligned hours from international locations</li>
<li>Comfortable using CRM tools (Kustomer or similar) and working in a data-driven setup</li>
<li>Collaborative by nature, but equally able to own and deliver on personal KPIs</li>
<li>Curious about fintech, SME banking, and the future of financial services</li>
</ul>
<p>Bonus points for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Previous financial services sales experience</li>
<li>Understanding of UK business culture and SME customer behaviour</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU'LL GET IN RETURN</h3>
<ul>
<li>25 days paid annual leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Extended maternity and paternity leave covered by the company</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget</li>
<li>Additional health &amp; dental insurance</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>Food vouchers</li>
<li>Snacks, light food, drinks in the office</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance</li>
<li>Sabbatical Leave</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>