<p>Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and that’s where you come in!</p>
<p>At Duolingo, you’ll join a team that cares about educating our users, experimenting with big ideas, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. You’ll have limitless learning opportunities and daily collaborations with world-class minds — while doing work that’s both meaningful and fun.</p>
<p>Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world.&nbsp;</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Read <a href="https://blog.duolingo.com/?utm\_source=greenhouse.com&amp;utm\_medium=referral&amp;utm\_campaign=generalblog\_gh\_091224">our blog</a> to learn more.</p>
<hr>
<h2><strong>About the role</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking a creative, upbeat, and ambitious marketer to help us accelerate our growth and explore brand opportunities in China. You'll own and lead creative marketing campaigns that craft Duolingo's future. China is one of Duolingo's fastest-growing international markets. Over the past few years, we've built a strong foundation by collaborating with influencers and driving creative, buzz-worthy campaigns on social media. We're on the way to becoming the most-loved brand in the region. The ideal candidate will be bold and motivated to guide us to the next chapter. This is your chance to transform Duolingo into a Gen-Z icon in China!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>🧠&nbsp; You will...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Take ownership of the key initiatives for influencer, social media, PR, and partnerships that drive new user growth and word-of-mouth</li>
<li>Lead influencer programs: research and vet creators, prepare briefs, review storyboards/scripts, track deliverables, and compile performance results</li>
<li>Manage social content calendars: Monitor trends and cultural moments, summarize insights, and recommend ideas that fit Duolingo’s brand and tone. Conduct new experiments, including celebrity collaboration, UGC community, and entertainment shows</li>
<li>Manage timelines, budgets, and deliverables stay on track. Guide agencies and partners for better efficiency</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with Marketing, Product, and Creative partners to align on priorities and bring campaigns to life</li>
<li>Measure impact to identify new insights, optimize strategies, and strengthen the brand presence in the market</li>
<li>Be the bridge between China and Global for report, collaboration, and ideation. and prepare concise status updates and recaps for stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>✅&nbsp; You have...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>2-5 years of marketing experience with a strong focus on influencer marketing, social media, brand partnerships, or content marketing</li>
<li>Successful cases and connections with influencers, creators, or celebrities</li>
<li>Strong curiosity about social media trends and viral content</li>
<li>Experience managing vendors, agencies, and contractors</li>
<li>Strong project management skills with the ability to juggle multiple deadlines and stakeholders</li>
<li>Solid interpersonal skills and an ability to shine in a cross-cultural environment</li>
<li>Proficiency in Mandarin Chinese and English (both written &amp; spoken)</li>
<li>Legal authorization to work in China. This position is based in Beijing</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>⭐&nbsp; Exceptional candidates will have...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Passion for our mission to make high-quality language learning accessible to everyone</li>
<li>Experience working or studying in an English-speaking environment</li>
<li>Proven expertise in negotiation, with hands-on experience driving 1-X business growth</li>
<li>Ambitious, resilient, and flexible in navigating challenges and opportunities</li>
<li>A long-time Duolingo user who loves the brand</li>
</ul>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<hr><div class="content-conclusion"><p class="Z7ph2">Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://careers.duolingo.com/#benefits">&nbsp;here</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact&nbsp;<a class="Z7ph2" href="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">accommodations@duolingo.com</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTX9GKeRMOMA9Vtm0vfGibrYPYz8ysl0Dg8KSXgj\_PxeT5ChsdnNZZWtpxu4t7xillTPGnngnKCjIbV/pub">&nbsp;Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in&nbsp;<strong>@duolingo.com</strong>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<strong>@recruiting.duolingo.com</strong>. Stay alert and double-check these details before sharing any information.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Sign up for job alerts&nbsp;<a href="http://my.greenhouse.io/users/sign\_in?job\_board=duolingo">here</a>.</p></div>