<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">SLSQ227R598</p>
<p><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p>The Partner Strategy &amp; Operations team supports Databricks' robust ecosystem of Cloud, SI and ISV, working with the Databricks Partnerships team. Our team is laser focused on driving operational scale in an extremely high-growth environment. We empower our stakeholders and senior leadership with the insights, tools and decision criteria to inform proactive, effective, and data-driven programmatic strategies.</p>
<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>You will be in a critical and visible position, playing a key role in scaling the APJ Partnerships team's GTM strategy. In this role, you will combine analytical insight, strong business acumen, and robust cross-functional partnerships with leaders across the company while partnering with our senior APJ Partnerships leaders to set a strategy and medium/long term goals for the business. You will then lead the execution of many of these initiatives, building scalable processes, building consensus, and supporting all of it with proactive data-driven insights and analysis along the way.</p>
<p><strong>The impact you will have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Make the leaders of the APJ partnerships team more efficient and effective through a data driven approach to decision making</li>
<li>Create quarterly and annual OKRs, reporting, forecasting, SQL analytics, BI reporting and dashboard development, territory planning, and quota/productivity modeling</li>
<li>Support and run pipeline/forecast calls, team calls and quarterly business reviews</li>
<li>Conduct ROI analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of incentive programs and partner initiatives, making data-driven recommendations for improvement</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with industry trends, market dynamics, and competitive landscapes across APJ markets, providing insights to enhance sales strategies and maintain a competitive advantage</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally and globally with internal stakeholders to resolve issues, understand business and data challenges, identify optimization opportunities and respond to escalation and exception requests</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You love building cross-functional processes at scale and are familiar with automation. You have designed systems and workflows spanning multiple team members and tools to manage projects spanning at least a full year</li>
<li>You are technical and proficient in SQL analytics, BI reporting and dashboard development, and Salesforce reporting. Whether it's building a quick Salesforce report for the business or analyzing data sets with SQL queries and BI tools, data is a core part of your toolkit, and you apply an analytical mindset to deliver strategic insights</li>
<li>You excel in a collaborative environment and have a high degree of honesty, integrity and sound judgment. You translate team member needs into clear tasks and deliverables for contributors. You work through dependencies, bottlenecks, and tradeoffs with ease</li>
<li>You have a bias for action and want to build something that lasts. Not only do you have the ability and the desire to architect the high level strategy, you want to operationalize it and can dive deep into the details</li>
<li>You have excellent spoken and written communication &amp; presentation skills. You have experience resolving prioritization conflicts, resourcing shortfalls, and timing issues, and can summarize challenges &amp; recommendations succinctly</li>
<li>You have 7+ years experience in sales strategy, business development, or channel management. You have experience collaborating with partner sales and field engineering teams at an enterprise technology company</li>
<li>You have experience operating across APJ markets. You understand the nuances of partner ecosystems across ANZ, Japan, India, Southeast Asia, and Korea, and can navigate diverse business cultures and go-to-market models</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>