<h2><strong>About the opportunity&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a dynamic and experienced Team Lead to join our KYC QA team to ensure compliance with applicable regulations and relevant company policies related to Anti-Financial Crime in the banking industry/financial services. Our target in KYC is to lead and shape the industry by creating a culture of compliance within N26 that authorities, customers and stakeholders can trust. This role is crucial to achieve this goal.</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As Quality Assurance Team Lead, you will support all KYC related control by leading a team of QA Analysts and Associates.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a people leader, you will be entrusted to ensure operational excellence of your team, while also ensuring the career development of your team with sound coaching and mentoring. You will play a key role in the implementation of the strategic roadmap of KYC QA as a role model. Your engagement with stakeholders outside of KYC QA will allow you to partner with the wider organisation, and enable successful cross functional initiatives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be expected to support improvement projects with both internal and external impact; stay up-to-date with regulatory changes and ensure your team is aware and our processes are in line with these needs. Your clear vision and strategy for QA will be shared by the team and ensure successful implementation of improvement projects.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your responsibilities will include:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Coach and empower your team members by inspiring them with a positive attitude, trust and focus.</li>
<li>Grow your team with the right structure, size, and capabilities by helping to onboard suitable and motivated candidates, and participating in hiring processes as needed. Establish development plans for new and existing team members.</li>
<li>Review (and where required define) OKRs relevant for your teams.l</li>
<li>Participate in the implementation of the strategic roadmap of KYC QAs.</li>
<li>Actively engage in presenting your projects and ideas to the wider organisations</li>
<li>Ensure risk awareness in the team and mitigation of risks with relevant action plans.</li>
<li>Use data to reach SLAs and make forecasts.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Background:</strong></p>
<div>
<ul>
<li>You have a proven track record of relevant experience in KYC and/or AML in financial services and/or the banking industry.</li>
<li>Relevant experience (e.g. 1+ years) in leading remote teams as a People Manager, ideally with a focus on, coaching, and oversight of QA processes in a KYC context.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<p><strong>Skills:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Advanced understanding of regulations on Financial Crime, AML, terrorism financing, fraud, and/or KYC.</li>
<li>You have experience in BPO Vendor Management / Industry.</li>
<li>You are fluent in English and at least in one other key language (DE, FR, IT, ES).</li>
<li>Contribute to continuous improvement of the customer journey through quality assurance insights and actions.</li>
<li>Demonstration of data analytics mindset in decision making.</li>
<li>You are detail oriented, diligent and reliable.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have a hands-on mentality and take on ownership.</li>
<li>Ability to manage operational requests as senior expert for the team.</li>
<li>Knowledgeable about all the processes and tools relevant for your area, with an ability to advise and coach teams to optimise their work.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fundamentally increasing efficiency and scalability of KYC QA processes &amp; tasks by driving and supporting initiatives and projects</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Traits:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Actively help yourself (and others) be successful&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deals well with ambiguity</li>
<li>Continuously learn and challenge the status quo&nbsp;</li>
<li>Think globally, act locally&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong bias for action&nbsp;</li>
<li>Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunities:</strong></p>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com">candidate.exp@n26.com</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion">website</a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>