<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain
</p>

<div class="jobdesciption"><br>                    	<div class="jobs-box__html-content jobs-description-content__text t-14 t-normal<br/>          "><br><p>Hey there! We are Artificial Solutions and we are looking for an&nbsp;<strong>DevOps&nbsp;Engineer</strong>&nbsp;with experience in&nbsp;<strong>Kubernetes&nbsp;</strong>to join our<strong>&nbsp;Cloud &amp; Ops Team</strong>! Is this you?</p><br><p>&nbsp;You will be part of a team responsible for building, running and supporting our cloud infrastructure that supports our Teneo Platform (that allows developers to build Bots and Conversational AI solutions in a unified coding and analytics IDE). You are part of a wider group of system engineers, support engineers and devops engineers - delivering world-class technical and application support to our dynamic and growing customer base using English as the daily working language.</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Wondering what you will be doing on a “normal day”?&nbsp;</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Lead the design, implementation and maintenance of DevOps processes and tools to support the delivery of software solutions</li><br><li>Collaborate with development and operations teams to identify and resolve issues in the software development lifecycle</li><br><li>Proactively monitor and maintain environments ensuring optimal uptime,</li><br><li>Troubleshoot any incidents which may arise,</li><br><li>Develop and improvement our Teneo cloud - participate in projects within the wider team around areas of your interest and expertise (monitoring, scalability, security, testing, processes, compliance (ISO 27001, SOC2), automation, optimization, technical documentation, new technology labs and research).</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>What are we looking for in you?&nbsp;</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>5 to 10 years of experience from similar position, using English as working language,</li><br><li>Experience with Containerization and Kubernetes and Docker</li><br><li>Solid experience with Azure/AWS (a plus: certified at professional level),</li><br><li>Good knowledge of system administration,</li><br><li>Experience of at least one scripting or programming language (such as Go, Python),</li><br><li>Strong analytical, multi-tasking and problem-solving skills,</li><br><li>Passion or wish to grow/develop more in one or more of the following areas: #monitoring #automation #SRE #DevOps #programming #kubernetes #security #compliance (ISO 27001, SOC).</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>What are you looking for in us?&nbsp;</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Permanent position in a leading company within the conversational AI sector,</li><br><li>Great salary &amp; benefits (based on the country where you are residing),</li><br><li>Great environment and even greater people!</li><br><li>Hybrid &amp; remote work.</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p>&nbsp;So, what’s up?</p><br><p>If you liked what you read, don’t hesitate..&nbsp;<strong>hit on apply,</strong>&nbsp;<strong>we want to meet you!!</strong></p><br><p>&nbsp;Camila &amp; Sabrina will review your application and contact you to book the first meeting!</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><em>Artificial Solutions is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. We welcome applicants regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please mark this option in your job application.</em></p><br><p><em>Take a look to our Diversity Manifesto:&nbsp;</em>https://www.artificial-solutions.com/artificial-solutions-our-diversity-manifesto</p><br></div><br>                	</div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/artificial-solutions-devops-engineer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/artificial-solutions-devops-engineer</a></p>