<p>We’re looking for a service-oriented CRNA to join the team at Lake Granbury Medical Center in Granbury, Texas.</p>
<p>Position Highlights:</p>
<ul>
<li>Compensation is $260(k) for 44 weeks of service</li>
<li>W2 Position with Full Benefits</li>
<li>8 Weeks Off</li>
<li>NO CALL</li>
<li>Ability to pick up additional weekend call shifts if interested</li>
<li>Case types include bread and butter general surgery, ENT, Endo, Urology, Orthopedic and GYN split between the main OR and hospital-based ASC</li>
<li>Malpractice and tail coverage provided</li>
</ul>
<p>Qualifications:</p>
<ul>
<li>Board Certified</li>
</ul>
<p>Employment Benefits:</p>
<ul>
<li>Full W2 employment with comprehensive benefits</li>
<ul>
<li>Health, dental and vision that take effect the first of the month after you start</li>
<li>401K match of up to 4% with immediate vesting</li>
<li>Paid short term and long-term disability</li>
<li>CME &amp; Professional Dues</li>
</ul>
<li>Paid malpractice insurance with tail coverage</li>
<li>Access to group-sponsored CME, wellness resources, and leadership support</li>
<li>Stable, long-term opportunity through Essential Anesthesia Management, a CRNA- and physician-led group</li>
</ul>
<p>About Lake Granbury, TX</p>
<ul>
<li>Lake Granbury is known for its recreational opportunities, including fishing, boating, and swimming, and also features a historic downtown area with shops and restaurants</li>
<li>Located 1 hour from Fort Worth, TX</li>
</ul>
<p>Essential Anesthesia Management, a partnership between YPS and EmergencHealth, is a clinician-founded, clinician-led anesthesia management company striving to deliver the highest quality anesthesia care to both patients and hospitals alike. Over the past several years, we have experienced significant growth, providing turn-key department management at over 125 facilities in 6 states. Over 1400 CRNA and Anesthesiologist providers make up the Essential Team. We are continually seeking additional service-minded professionals to join our team and pride ourselves on hiring the best and brightest. <strong>We want to hire exceptional people.</strong>&nbsp;If you want to be part of a great anesthesia team that really understands the day-to-day demands in the OR, please give us a call at 602-620-3037.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="TextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Essential Anesthesia Management</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8"> is committed to equal opportunity for all, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other protected characteristic</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">.&nbsp; </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the assigned and essential functions.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW234030319 BCX8" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></em></p></div>