<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1000+ colleagues in 70+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are hiring a senior software engineer to join our Kubernetes product team. As a member of that team, you will build the operators and addons; the former, offering complete lifecycle management of mission-critical components, and the latter, a zero-ops experience for seamlessly integrating projects into your Kubernetes.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will gain familiarity with the latest features in Kubernetes and look to incorporate the best of open-source to bring functionality to our end-users. You will collaborate with industry peers and partners to bring the right solutions to our customers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is an exciting opportunity for a senior software engineer passionate about open source software, Linux, Golang, Python and Kubernetes.</span></p>
<p><strong><em>Location</em></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: This is a remote position available in EMEA and the Americas.</span></p>
<h2><strong>What you will focus on</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with other leads, assuming joint responsibility for outcomes at the team, department, and company level.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mentor, develop, and advise colleagues on their career progression.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Write high-quality code to create new features</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Debug issues and interact with a vibrant community</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate proactively with a distributed team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are a Golang developer also fluent in Python</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience with Kubernetes</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have strong written and verbal communication skills</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have a Bachelor’s or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You love technology and working with brilliant people</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer you</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual compensation review</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recognition rewards</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual holiday leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maternity and paternity leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Assistance Programme</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</span></p>
<h2><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.</span><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</span></a></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-remote</span></p>