<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<div><strong>About the team</strong><br>The Platform Sales team works with B2B Software Platforms to help them facilitate payments for their customers using our Stripe Connect product. Software Platforms, also known as B2B Indirect, are software platform businesses who serve other businesses. Platforms already using Stripe include Shopify, Lightspeed and Mindbody.<br>As a key member to the Stripe Platforms team, you will manage and elevate relationships with a named account list while identifying new growth opportunities and ways Stripe can exceed expectations. This role will be dedicated to accounts located in the UK.<br>If you’re motivated, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!</div>
<div><br><strong>What you’ll do</strong><br>As an Account Executive (New Business), you will create partnerships between Stripe and the most innovative and fastest-growing software platforms in the world by helping them to understand how Stripe’s online commerce infrastructure can make payments a competitive advantage for their businesses.</div>
<div><br><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Directly manage and nurture a named account list and develop account plans for winning business with upper middle market and enterprise companies</li>
<li>Build and maintain key relationships with C-level executives, while orchestrating the right executive touch points as well</li>
<li>Contribute to shaping our platform partnership strategy and building repeatable processes and scaled engagement models</li>
<li>Develop outbound strategies to create and nurture opportunities</li>
<li>Own the full sales cycle from lead to close for upper middle market and enterprise companies</li>
<li>Develop relationships with executive stakeholders</li>
<li>Work with company leaders from multiple functions (e.g., Engineering, Product, and Finance) to lead complex product workshops and financial analyses</li>
<li>Lead and contribute to team projects to develop and refine our sales process</li>
<li>Engage with Product and Engineering teams to help drive product strategy</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Who you are</strong><br>You are an adept salesperson and relationship manager capable of engaging in business-level and technical conversations at multiple levels of the organization, including the CTO, COO, and CFO. You have experience working with upper middle market and enterprise companies. You have an in-depth understanding of the buyer journey and can lead a complex, multi-party sale in a highly consultative manner. You are used to building value in competitive situations and enjoy working on products that require deep product understanding, combined with technical knowledge. You are naturally analytical and enjoy digging into business models and helping customers quantify their investment decisions. You get excited about prospecting, and are capable of independently leading a sales cycle from start to finish. Finally, you enjoy building – you like to actively participate in the development of our sales process, the articulation of our value proposition, and the creation of key tools and assets.<br>If you’re motivated, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!<br><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of sales experience, preferably selling a technical product, with a track record of top performance</li>
<li>Extensive experience directly selling a technology product or service, preferably at an API-first company, with a record of top performance</li>
<li>A proven track record of moving sales processes forward from inception to close by leading complex, multi-party sales in a highly consultative manner, understanding strategies and applying value proposition</li>
<li>Great listening skills and ability to quickly become a trusted resource for decision-makers across technology and finance orgs within software companies</li>
<li>An ability to understand complex technical problems and understand how Stripe’s solutions can address them</li>
<li>A positive attitude and tireless work ethic when encountering blockers to success, whether external or internal</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills</li>
<li>Proven ability to lead complex negotiations involving bespoke commercial agreements</li>
<li>Superior verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Ability to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Strong interest in technology and a deep understanding of the space</li>
<li>Experience in or excitement in learning about financial technology infrastructure</li>
<li>Fastidious approach to CRM hygiene and experience utilizing thorough sales forecasting metrics on a weekly/quarterly basis and communicating them in a succinct manner</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Preferred requirements</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience at a growth stage Internet/Software company</li>
<li>Experience in fintech/payments is a plus, but not prerequisite</li>
</ul>