## Your Mission

We are looking for a motivated and detail-oriented working student to support the Audio Verification team in testing, validating, and maintaining high-quality software features for automotive infotainment systems. This position offers hands-on experience in real-world testing activities and exposure to audio systems in embedded environments.

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

<strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong><br><ul><li>Support daily sanity and regression testing for Audio features and software releases.</li><li>Validate bug fixes (MR Testing) and report discrepancies.</li><li>Assist in preparing and flashing experimental SW builds to benches and test vehicles.</li><li>Reproduce customer defects and gather detailed logs for development teams.</li><li>Support with HW bench maintenance and basic troubleshooting.</li><li>Participate in test case execution, documentation, and reporting using JIRA.</li><li>Collaborate with engineers to enhance test coverage and improve test effectiveness.</li><li>Automate daily mundane tasks to enhance efficiency and productivity. </li></ul><strong> Learning Outcomes:</strong><br><ul><li>Gain knowledge of automotive audio stacks and infotainment architecture.</li><li>Understand SW development lifecycle and defect management processes.</li><li>Learn usage of tools like JIRA, GIT, Jenkins, CANoe, and log analyzers.</li></ul><br>

## Your Profile

<strong>R</strong><strong>equirements:</strong><br><ul><li>Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s in <strong>Electronics</strong>, <strong>Computer Science</strong>, or a related field.</li><li>Interest in automotive technologies and audio systems.</li><li>Basic scripting knowledge (Python, Shell) is a plus.</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Effective communication and team collaboration abilities.</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz AG</li><li>Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree</li><li>Flexible working hours</li><li>Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:<br><ul><li> Job title and reference number</li><li> Salary expectations</li><li> Earliest start date</li></ul>We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and work places offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.