<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Mexico
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><span></span> Join Our Mission at 3Pillar: Elevate Your Impact!</div><div><br></div><div>As a Senior DevOps Engineer, you are the cornerstone of operational excellence, driving forward innovations that redefine industries. </div><div><br></div><div>Your expertise in DevOps practices will ensure the seamless integration and continuous delivery of our groundbreaking projects, from transforming urban living to pioneering new healthcare solutions.</div><div><br></div><div>Your role is pivotal in mentoring a dynamic team, optimizing deployment strategies, and implementing cutting- edge technologies to keep us at the forefront of the tech landscape.</div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Desired Capabilities</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Strong attention to detail</li><li>Excellent communication skills</li><li>Ability to work well in a team</li><li>Analytical and problem-solving skills</li><li>Time management and organizational skills</li><li>Ability to learn quickly</li><li>Adaptability and flexibility</li><li>Proven ability to lead and mentor junior members of the QA team.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Key Responsibilities</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Design, implement, and maintain CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins and GitHub Actions to automate software build, test, and deployment processes, with a specific focus on data center technologies.</li><li>Manage and configure infrastructure as code using tools such as Terraform and CloudFormation, ensuring scalability, reliability, and security, with expertise in on-prem data center configurations.</li><li>Implement and maintain monitoring and alerting systems using AWS CloudWatch and other tools to ensure the health and performance of our applications and infrastructure,data center monitoring solutions.</li><li>Collaborate with development and operations teams to troubleshoot and resolve issues in production environments, with a deep understanding of On-prem data center integration challenges.</li><li>Continuously evaluate and implement best practices for DevOps processes, tools, and technologies, with a specific focus on optimizing workflows related to data center technologies.</li><li>Lead efforts to optimize cloud resources usage and costs while ensuring high availability and performance, leveraging AWS database services and other cloud-native technologies, with consideration for data center integration requirements.</li><li>Implement certificate upgrades, migrations, and other security-related tasks, ensuring compliance with industry standards and best practices.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Minimum Qualifications:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, IT, or related field; or equivalent practical experience.</li><li>Minimum of 8 years of experience in a DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering role, with expertise in data center technologies.</li><li>Extensive experience with cloud platforms such as AWS including services like EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, or Kubernetes, with expertise in data center integrations.</li><li>Strong understanding of containerization technologies such as Docker and container orchestration tools like Kubernetes, with knowledge of containerization solutions.</li><li>Experience with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, GitHub Actions, or GitLab CI/CD.</li><li>Solid understanding of networking concepts, security best practices, and infrastructure automation, with expertise in data center security configurations.</li><li>Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills, with a strong attention to detail.</li><li>Effective communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team environment.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Additional Experience Desired:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Advanced certifications related to DevOps, cloud platforms (AWS), and Kubernetes, validating specialized skills and knowledge.</li><li>Demonstrated ability to prioritize efforts based on business impact, highlighting strategic planning and project management skills.</li><li>Proven experience in providing accurate status tracking and reporting, ensuring transparency and effective communication within and across teams.</li><li>Capability to estimate testing and deployment efforts accurately, showcasing an understanding of project scope and timelines.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Benefits: </h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Medical Insurance benefits as per company policy.&nbsp;</li><li>Life Insurance as per company policy</li><li>15 days of paid vacation plus additional days based on tenure</li><li>Vacation bonus as per local law</li><li>Sick leave and paid holidays as per local law</li><li>Profit sharing as per local law</li><li>Paternity and maternity leave as per as per local law</li><li>Marriage, bereavement and graduation leaves as per company policy</li><li>Christmas bonuses as per local law</li><li>Work from home allowance as per company policy</li><li>Punctuality and attendance bonuses as per company policy</li><li>Food tickets as per company policy</li><li>Direct deposit of payroll.</li><li>Paid professional certifications</li><div><br></div><div>#LI-Remote</div></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><b>What is it like working for 3Pillar Global?</b></div><div><br></div><div>At 3Pillar, we offer a world of opportunity:</div><div><br></div><div>- Imagine a flexible work environment – whether it's the office, your home, or a blend of both. From interviews to onboarding, we embody a remote-first approach.&nbsp;</div><div>- You will be part of a global team, learning from top talent around the world and across cultures, speaking English every day. Our global workforce enables our team to leverage global resources to accomplish our work in efficient and effective teams.&nbsp;</div><div>- We’re big on your well-being – as a company, we spend a whole trimester in our annual cycle focused on well-being. Whether it is taking advantage of fitness offerings, mental health plans (country-dependent), or simply leveraging generous time off, we want all of our team members operating at their best.</div><div>- Our professional services model enables us to accelerate career growth and development opportunities - across projects, offerings, and industries.</div><div>- We are an equal-opportunity employer. It goes without saying that we live by values like Intrinsic Dignity and Open Collaboration to create cutting-edge technology AND reinforce our commitment to diversity - globally and locally.&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>Join us and be a part of a global tech community! &nbsp; Check out our Linkedin site and Careers page to learn more about what it’s like to be part of our #oneteam!&nbsp;</div><div><br></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div class="text-small italic text-gray-700">We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.</div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/3pillar-senior-technical-lead-devops-aws">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/3pillar-senior-technical-lead-devops-aws</a></p>