<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p>We have created a new senior leadership role, Head of Global System Integrator (GSI) Alliances, to lead our business development and partnership with these important actors in the global technology sector. As the publisher of Ubuntu and the leading provider of open source to major technology firms globally, we are expanding into the enterprise market where GSIs provide significant operational and tactical capacity. We have had good success with GSIs that are delivering next-generation private cloud, container, and public cloud solutions built with Canonical Ubuntu, and are looking to expand our investment in these alliances.</p>
<p>Reporting to the VP Global Alliances and Channels, the Global Head of GSI Alliances will lead a team of representatives and develop that strategic go-to-market strength for Canonical. You will work closely with GSI partners throughout their sales cycles and across their sales organizations to make Canonical their trusted partner to deliver opensource solutions at scale for their enterprise customers. In this role you will be responsible for ensuring that our solutions are used or embedded at the core of GSI digital transformation platforms.</p>
<p>Our GSI team builds trusted relationships with partners at executive level, increases Canonical market share and attach rate, evangelizes the partnership and leads all business interactions from engineers to CxO level. The Global Head of GSI Alliances will own the strategy, sell-to, sell-through and sell-with motions with all GSI partners, as well as promotion of our GSI related activities - from campaigns, to strategic opportunities and GSI related events (including Canonical s yearly GSI executive summit).</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Our company largely works from home, this role can be based in the Americas or EMEA.</p>
<h3>The role entails</h3>
<ul>
<li>Own and drive GSI partner strategy, forecast, bookings and revenues for Canonical</li>
<li>Lead and evolve a team towards accelerated revenue growth with GSI</li>
<li>Build strategic relationships with partners at executive levels</li>
<li>Guide our offering from product management, to product marketing, and scale it through the support of our global sales organization</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we are looking for in you:</h3>
<p>The successful GSI Alliance Sales Director will have :</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in alliance and indirect sales management roles</li>
<li>Experience in the GSI sector</li>
<li>Deep commercial experience encompassing revenue and margins</li>
<li>Proven leadership and presentation skills</li>
<li>Insight into open source, Ubuntu and Canonical's competition and opportunities</li>
<li>Track record of data-driven decision-making</li>
<li>An autonomous, disciplined, hands-on, get-it-done mentality</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>