<h1><strong>Business Intern - Revenue Org (KLU)</strong><strong><br></strong>(6 Month Internship)</h1>
<p><span style="color: rgb(53, 152, 219);"><strong>Bitmovin</strong></span> is a global Series-C SaaS scale-up that provides award-winning video streaming technology to world-renowned brands including Disney, Warner Brothers Discovery, BBC, Red Bull Media House, Hulu, and The New York Times, to name just a few.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At <span style="color: rgb(53, 152, 219);"><strong>Bitmovin</strong></span>, we know that to be the best, we have to have the best people. So we are an inclusive flexible employer of some of the most impressive and diverse talent across the globe, with a culture that enables you to see success by being your best self.<br><br><em>"We’re looking for curious, fast learners who are excited to use cutting-edge technology and engage with customers to drive success. If you’re a problem solver who loves tech and connecting with people, join us and make an impact at Bitmovin."&nbsp; ~ </em>Ian Baglow, CRO/President</p>
<p>As a <strong>Business Intern</strong> with a focus on <strong>Customer Success</strong>, you will work directly with clients, providing a customer-facing role that spans across multiple facets of the revenue organization, including Customer Success, Solutions Engineering, and Revenue Operations. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure that our customers are satisfied, and our business processes are efficient. This role is perfect for a business student with a technical interest, offering the chance to get hands-on experience in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.</p>
<h2><strong>As a Business Intern, you will cover:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Customer Engagement</strong>: Drive customer success by directly helping them effectively use our products. Identify and qualify potential leads for customers.<br><br></li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration</strong>: Work closely with teams such as marketing, sales, revenue operations and support to ensure a smooth customer experience. Act as a problem solver by engaging with customers and leveraging additional resources as needed.<br><br></li>
<li><strong>Customer Insights &amp; Feedback</strong>: Utilize tools and dashboards to analyze usage trends and identify potential concerns. Conduct research on customer satisfaction and pain points, while supporting the development of strategies to enhance customer experience.<br><br></li>
<li><strong>Data Management &amp; Reporting</strong>: Assist in gathering and analyzing customer feedback. Track and monitor customer health scores and usage patterns.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>It would be great if you have:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Educational Background &amp; Technical Interest</strong>: Currently pursuing or recently completed a degree in Business, Management, or a related field, with a strong interest in technology, customer-facing roles, and video streaming technologies.</li>
<li><strong>Customer-Focused &amp; Problem Solver</strong>: Passionate about customer success, with excellent communication skills and a proven ability to engage with both customers and internal teams effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Analytical &amp; Proactive</strong>: Skilled in analyzing customer data and feedback to derive actionable insights, while taking initiative and working collaboratively across teams to drive customer-facing initiatives.</li>
<li><strong>AI Tools Exposure (Desirable)</strong>: Experience with or exposure to AI tools in business processes, data analysis, or customer interaction platforms is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p>You don’t have experience with all the points above? Don’t worry, we will support you with learning, training and coaching on the job.</p>
<h3><strong>Why do this at Bitmovin</strong></h3>
<p><strong>There is a lot on offer here:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>View the benefits on our<a href="https://bitmovin.com/careers/"> Careers Page</a></li>
<li>Get to know our outstanding culture showcased on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/bitmovin/life/7f143265-8cc2-4ae8-93f4-dc88cf00d0d4/?viewAsMember=true"> LinkedIn</a></li>
<li>Check the employee reviews on<a href="https://www.glassdoor.co.uk/Reviews/Bitmovin-Reviews-E1400248.htm"> Glassdoor</a></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Want to sign up?</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p>Upload your <strong>CV</strong>, <strong>school certificate</strong> (Zeugnis), and a <strong>motivation video</strong> with your expectations for an internship at Bitmovin.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of the application process, we would love to get to know you better through a short video. In this video, we would like to know:</p>
<ol>
<li>"What are your personal goals for this internship, and what skills or experiences do you hope to gain?"</li>
<li>"Please tell us about the time you most successfully hacked some (non-computer) system to your advantage."</li>
<li>"If you could work on any project related to video or AI, what would it be, and why?"</li>
</ol>
<p><strong>Guidelines for the video:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Keep it concise (2-3 minutes).</li>
<li>Be authentic and showcase your personality.</li>
<li>Feel free to demonstrate your passion and creativity—this is your chance to stand out!</li>
<li>Using the box below enter a link to a dropbox or google drive folder where you have stored your video (remember to allow <em>view access for everyone)</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>We look forward to hearing from you!</em></p>
<p><strong>STARTING TIME: ASAP</strong></p>
<p><strong>Empower your future and join us now! Options to extend or go permanent if things go well.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><em>Bitmovin does not accept unsolicited referrals or resumes from any source other than directly from candidates. The submission of referrals or resumes by anyone other than a candidate directly to Bitmovin will be deemed gratuitous, and the company will not be obligated or bound in any way to pay any fee if the candidate is hired.</em></p>