<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p></p>
<h2><strong>Your Impact</strong></h2>
<p>The Technical Account Manager will own the day-to-day relationship with one of Axon’s key customers to build a long-term, strategic partnership. As the main point of contact for your customer, you will be looked upon to provide best practices and technical expertise to help stakeholders achieve their operational goals through the use of Axon’s products. You will also work closely with multiple cross-functional teams by providing invaluable insight into customer needs and challenges, helping influence and guide internal product roadmaps and projects. As someone who wears multiple hats—from project manager to product expert to consultant—you will continually focus on making your customer more efficient and more confident in their daily workflows.</p>
<p></p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> Must be based within an hour of Montgomery County Police Headquarters in Gaithersburg, MD<br><strong>Reports To:&nbsp;Sr. Director, Embedded Services</strong></p>
<p><strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Achieve mastery of all Axon technologies and products</li>
<li>Use exceptional written and oral communication skills to effectively lead business and technical presentations, demonstrations, and conversations with VP-level and senior stakeholder audiences within your account</li>
<li>Use leadership skills to independently prioritize and execute project tasks in a methodical and disciplined manner</li>
<li>Manage customer expectations, keeping customers satisfied while ensuring expectations remain realistic</li>
<li>Provide tier-2 technical support</li>
<li>Provide limited redaction support, primarily in the form of technical guidance, training, and troubleshooting</li>
<li>Remain organized and focused on removing sales obstacles through creativity and adaptation to rapidly changing circumstances</li>
<li>Develop relationships with key partners to support growth within the customer account</li>
<li>Where possible, improve or develop technical documentation to ease understanding and usage of Axon products and services</li>
<li>Communicate customer feedback across multiple teams and divisions within Axon to drive product development and continuous improvement</li>
<li>Maintain customer confidence, especially in high-pressure situations</li>
<li>Maintain and develop relationships with other vendors within the agency to coordinate product installations, upgrades, and problem resolution when necessary</li>
<li>Report, as needed, to various agency locations to ensure project timelines and objectives are being met</li>
<li>Support customer deployment activities, implementation planning, product adoption, and operational readiness</li>
<li>Deliver customer training related to relevant Axon products, workflows, and integrations</li>
<li>Serve as a trusted advisor within a public safety, corrections, or government environment, helping the customer maximize operational value from their Axon investment</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<h2><strong>What You Bring</strong></h2>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience</li>
<li>3+ years of experience working with major city, enterprise, or similarly complex customers</li>
<li>Proven track record of successfully managing customer relationships and technical projects</li>
<li>Experience with project management and product deployment</li>
<li>Understanding of SaaS, cloud providers/solutions, virtualization, and storage</li>
<li>Knowledge of routing and switching methodologies, Wi-Fi, telecommunications, and internet technologies</li>
<li>Ability to articulate technical concepts at a level appropriate to the audience, including clients with varying levels of IT knowledge and skillsets</li>
<li>Unmatched analytical, strategic, and creative problem-solving skills</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills with strong written and verbal communication</li>
<li>Detail-oriented with excellent organizational and time management skills</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to deal with change and excel in high-stress situations</li>
<li>Experience working with and supporting law enforcement, corrections, public safety, or other governmental agencies</li>
<li>Must be able to pass any required agency background check</li>
<li>Possess a valid driver’s license</li>
<li>Have access to reliable transportation</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<h2><strong>Preferred</strong></h2>
<p><strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience managing a public safety Axon program</li>
<li>Experience with program management and progress reporting</li>
<li>Knowledge of JIRA and Microsoft Dynamics</li>
<li>Knowledge of CCTV, VMS, and IP cameras</li>
<li>Experience working closely with sales and support teams</li>
<li>Experience in networking and telecommunications</li>
<li>Experience supporting deployments in law enforcement, corrections, public safety, or other governmental environments</li>
<li>Familiarity with evidence workflows, redaction-related processes, or adjacent public safety operational workflows</li>
<li>Experience coordinating across internal and external stakeholders in complex customer environments</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<h2><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and 401k with employer match</li>
<li>Discretionary paid time off</li>
<li>Paid parental leave for all</li>
<li>Medical, Dental, Vision plans</li>
<li>Fitness Programs</li>
<li>Emotional &amp; Mental Wellness support</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development programs</li>
</ul>
<p><br><em>Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work</em></p>
<p></p>
<p><strong></strong></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p><strong></strong></p>
<p></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Axon is a total compensation company, meaning compensation is made up of base pay, bonus, and stock awards. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: level, function, training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, geographic market, and often a combination of all these factors. Our benefits offer an array of options to help support you physically, financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life. To see more details on our benefits offerings please visit <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers" target="\_blank">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>.</p></div><div class="title">Base Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$90,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$144,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>