<p><strong>Role Summary</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ubuntu is the most widely used Linux for innovation from cloud to connected device. Our growing team of IoT field engineers help customers deliver sophisticated IoT products and services across a wide range of industries - from autonomous vehicles to refrigeration solutions.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Field engineers carry a significant responsibility - helping customers understand the range of silicon and board options, helping them deliver their unique applications, and helping them ensure the security of critical infrastructure. Our team hires software engineers with experience in the full stack of Linux from firmware to GUI. We represent Canonical and its capabilities to some of the most important companies in the world. Our customers have tremendously varied goals - from mission critical and very expensive machines to tiny and low-cost things. We aim to bring the right insights at each stage of the process and to help these customers make effective choices. Most importantly, we aim to help them deliver devices that meet their business goals, on time.</span>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Responsibilities include consulting, developing, demonstrating, and presenting some of the most advanced operating systems and application technologies available in the enterprise world. The role is a fast-paced, problem-solving environment and the questions require answers can be challenging yet very exciting. The right candidate must be resourceful, quick-thinking, and able to deliver on a wide variety of solutions across cloud, server, desktop and IoT technologies.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role will support customers in China and the broader Asia-Pacific market.</span></p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build strategic relationships with key technology partners and customers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Conduct yourself as a trusted technical advisor</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Apply expertise in analysing a customer's business or technical challenges and correctly map the appropriate solution</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Leverage deep knowledge of Ubuntu and related technologies to provide technical subject matter expertise to sales staff, partners, and customers for the development and implementation of complex IoT products and end-end solutions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work in conjunction with Canonical’s IoT and Cloud sales, delivery and business development teams to grow existing customer accounts as well as winning new customers, including the interaction with other offices in APAC (Taipei, Tokyo and Beijing). </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and present technical sales collateral such as presentations, how-to guides, and technical competitive documents to project teams.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Propose and present custom technical solutions to Canonical’s clients and partners based upon Ubuntu technologies such as Ubuntu Core, Snaps and other Canonical technologies.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understand and champion the technical knowledge and product skills required to meet customer requirements and close new business.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist in coordinating and preparing responses to RFx documents.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Based in Shenzhen, travel required; mix of domestic and international up to 30%.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Skills and Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A degree in engineering, preferably computer science or software engineering</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">2 years experience in enterprise or commercial software development with Linux</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent communication and presentation skills - both to customers and in support of technology and industry conferences.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Skills in supporting complex sales cycles what involve detailed technical requirements, multiple technical stakeholders and new innovative product designs.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to interpret customer business challenges and technical issues and effectively communicate how a solution will align to their needs and requirements.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience of deploying embedded and IoT solutions - from hardware, operating systems through applications and cloud services.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of security issues in the IoT industry. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of the Linux kernel: modules, BSPs, etc.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with x86 and ARM SoC architectures and vendors.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience of working in verticals such as automotive, robotics, gateway, networking, industrial and digital signage.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of experience in technical roles with Linux, preferably Ubuntu</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Open source &amp; Linux</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with open source development tools and methodology.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A strong and demonstrated grasp of Linux technologies including advanced scripting, development and Linux software packaging experience.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with the licenses and license compliance requirements for open source software. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with boot loaders and hardware-related aspects of Linux development</span></li>
</ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong English and Chinese language communication skills, especially in online environments such as mailing lists and social collaboration tools </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to be productive in a globally distributed team through self-discipline and self-motivation, delivering according to a schedule.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-driven personality.</span></li>
</ul>