<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community You Will Join</strong></p>
<p>It takes an entire team united behind something big. Together, we work hard, we laugh a lot, we brainstorm nonstop, and are passionate about the company and our values.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make</strong></p>
<p>The Senior Marketing Manager, Korea will report to the Senior Marketing Lead, China &amp; Korea and be based in Seoul. They will be responsible for supporting and implementing marketing programs to establish a strong brand voice and drive profitable growth, working collaboratively with cross-functional teams such as PR/communications, growth marketing, design, product marketing, public policy, legal and country leadership to bring marketing campaigns to life. In addition to exceptional discipline expertise and being highly detail-oriented, the successful candidate will demonstrate a natural disposition to hosting in their daily activities and a passion for creativity and design.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partnering with the Senior Marketing Lead, develop local Korea marketing plans for greatest business and brand impact, in accordance with consumer understanding, seasonality, maximized earned media, community engagement, and brand health metrics.</li>
<li>Execute cross-regional marketing initiatives. Demonstrate the ability to influence stakeholders in complex projects with tight timelines.</li>
<li>Collaborate across functions, markets and regions, to develop highly effective, creatively excellent integrated marketing campaigns, including but not limited to: advertising, social, digital and experiential conception, development and production, media strategy, execution, optimization, and program reporting, ensuring all marketing activities feel local and personal.</li>
<li>Lead the management of local agency partners, fostering best-in-class and highly productive agency partnerships.</li>
<li>Enable and support localization, ensuring all marketing activities are locally relevant and personal, leveraging as possible existing strategies, content and plans for improved productivity.</li>
<li>Manage analytics and reporting for brand health and marketing activities working closely with global and regional marketing, internal media teams, FP&amp;A and marketing analytic teams.</li>
<li>Organize and manage regular routines across disciplines. Ensure seamless flow of information between global, regional &amp; local teams.</li>
<li>Conduct and disseminate regular AARs (after action reviews) on projects including results, lessons learned and best practices to global, regional and local internal and external partners.</li>
<li>Manage and track brand marketing budgets and ensure effective budget use, meeting or exceeding efficiency targets.</li>
<li>Work with Korea &amp; global finance and operations on budget forecasting and actualizing; ensuring timely SOWs and contracts with partners at all times; provide regular activity updates and reconciliations.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of relevant work experience at a start-up, agency or client-side marketing, with preference in the consumer internet space of travel, design, technology, or lifestyle brands.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of and experience working closely with product and/or growth marketing.</li>
<li>An integrated marketing mindset, passion for creative excellence in storytelling through multiple media types, both visual and written, with solid experience in brand and creative strategy, off- and online media, including social, paid media, SEM, measurement &amp; analytics, project and agency management.</li>
<li>Experience working in a regional team as part of a global organization and collaborating across geographies.</li>
<li>Collaborative in approach, empathetic in nature, and steadfast in intention.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Appetite for a fast-paced environment and desire to constantly reassess and optimize.</li>
<li>Excellent written and oral communication, a keen visual sense, attention to detail.</li>
<li>Ability to work within tight deadlines, adjust quickly to changes in priorities, and balance short-term needs with long-term strategic initiatives. Ability to simplify is key!</li>
<li>Passion for Airbnb, travel, creative and possessing an entrepreneurial spirit and strong problem solving skills.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></p>
<p>We are committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, enabling us to attract creatively-led people and develop the best products, services, and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</p>