Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

### **📄 JOB DESCRIPTION**

📈Reporting to the sales team of each Vertical, the sales analyst & support ensures the offer optimization of an Account Manager by making range & price recommendations following his/her analysis.

👉By gathering all the elements from the brand (offer, price, and final stocks), he works in pairs with the Account Manager to put the best possible offer online. He also ensures a support and coordination role for the buyer’s activity.

👉 This team is in charge of the department children's fashion and accessories

###

## 🎯 TASKS

**Activity 1 : Analytical Management**

- Analyze the offer and make recommendations to the buyers in order to ensure the attractiveness of the offer.
- Preparing the analysis of the offer to the salesperson in order to guarantee its attractiveness-Analysis of the following data:
- The composition of the offer : presence of key categories, volume per reference, and cross checking with information collected from previous sales.
- Catalogue information: references, sizes, colours, refco, category, shipping fees strategy
- KPIs of negotiation : purchase price, retail price, sales price, product margin, discount, taxes-Comparison with previous sales : price, sell through, operation code, date, logistic flow
- Breakdown by countryAnalyze a competitive intelligence (manual or automated, depending on the sector)
- Pricing and margin recommendations using the tools provided by making recommendations to the Buyer and the Content Manager to optimize the offer in terms of range, stock and price and to put it online.
- End of sales reports, and analysis of improvement levers and actions to implement for the next operation.

**Activity 2 : Commercial Management**

- Preparation of presentation materials for brand meetings with mi-tic reports, and participation when necessary.
- Commercial back up in the process up to the closing of the operation.
- Daily support in the commercial relationship with the brand (calls and emails).

**Activity 3 : Operational Management**

- Ensure the good operational management of sales in direct relation with the commercial partner.
- Coordinate the proper contractual management with partners and manage possible first level disputes.
- Transmit the details of the commercial offer to the Data Coordinators to ensure data integration.
- Ensuring the safety of the date of the sale by making sure the offer, the final prices and stocks are received on time, and working along with the content manager.

**Activity 4 : Inventory tracking (if required)**

- Sales Returns Management-
- Inventory optimization: internal inventory breakdown, management of reinjections

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- Professional training and experience: Level and type of initial training required: Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Business Professional experience (type and duration): a first significant experience in a similar position.
- Good sense of organization and service.
- Dependable and detail oriented; Strong analytical skills.
- Ability to prioritize Autonomous.
- Adaptable.
- Good Communication and Interpersonal Skills Excellent oral and written communication skills.
- High proficiency in Google Apps and the Office Pack, especially Excel.
- Professional Proficiency in Spanish & English.

### 👉 NICE TO HAVE

- Experience working in a consultancy or in the audit sector.

## ✅ BENEFITS

- Be part of a dynamic and international team!
- Flexible schedule⌚️
- Short working day on Fridays😄
- Team buildings & afterworks 💃
- Hybrid work model→ Possibility of teleworking 2 days a week 🏡 🏢

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- **1️⃣** Telephone interview with HR.
- 2️⃣  Videocall interview with Hiring Manager.

### We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress.

### At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself!

### For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

### 

### **🔗****COMPANY** For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

El grupo Veepee procesa sus datos recopilados como parte de la gestión de su reclutamiento para gestionar su expediente de solicitud para el puesto al que ha postulado. Para obtener más información sobre nuestra política de protección de datos personales, le invitamos a consultarla en nuestro sitio de carreras.