At [Secureframe](https://secureframe.com/), we are not just a company; we are at the forefront of revolutionizing cybersecurity compliance. Recognized as one of the industry's most innovative and trusted providers, Secureframe has consistently received accolades for our advanced technology solutions and commitment to excellence. With a robust portfolio of products that safeguard thousands of businesses worldwide, we have been featured in major publications such as **[Forbes’ next billion dollar startups](https://www.forbes.com/sites/amyfeldman/2022/08/16/next-billion-dollar-startups-2022/)**, TechCrunch, and The Wall Street Journal for our transformative impact on the way companies achieve and maintain compliance standards.

As we continue to grow, our mission remains clear: to provide seamless, secure compliance solutions that enable businesses to focus on what they do best. Joining Secureframe means becoming part of a dynamic team dedicated to professional excellence and continuous learning in an environment that values creativity and forward-thinking.

Secureframe is backed by top VCs including Kleiner Perkins, Accomplice, Gradient Ventures (Google’s AI Fund), BoxGroup, Village Global, and many more.

**About the role**

Being an SDR is often a first step to jump-starting a career in sales. At Secureframe, we have a culture that celebrates performance, fosters growth, enablement, and ensure that we provide our SDRs with the tools and the confidence that they need to grow their careers. We invest heavily in the training and development so that one day you are prepared for a career in sales.

Our SDRs will gain an understanding of our product, market, who we sell to, why they care, and what makes us relevant. You will learn how to generate a pipeline quickly and effectively as well as a strong foundation in good discovery and qualification. The team is a crucial resource for the continued success of Secureframe as it allows us to scale our teams, as well as ensure that we have a culture of meritocracy.

This is a hybrid role in New York, Washington, DC, and San Francisco

## Benefits

- Medical, dental, and vision benefits for you and your dependent(s)
- Flexible PTO
- 401(k)
- Paid family leave
- Ground floor opportunity as an early member of the team

## What you'll do:

- Source new sales prospects in Secureframe’s ICP.
- Respond to and qualify incoming prospects regarding interest in Secureframe.
- Convert qualified leads into scheduled meetings with your Account Executives.
- Collaborate with experienced AEs to help fill the pipeline and grow your skills.
- Achieve monthly quotas of sourced qualified opportunities and closed business.
- Work closely with marketing and product to continually improve messaging.
- Become an expert in the compliance and security space

## Who were looking for:

- 1+ years of work experience, SDR/BDR experience is a plus.
- Ability to multitask, prioritize, and manage time effectively.
- Ability to operate in a fast-paced startup environment.
- Ability to quickly grasp new concepts and technologies.
- Excellent written and oral communication skills.
- Someone that wants to be apart of a Performance Based Culture.

*Secureframe is an equal opportunity employer. We aim to create an environment where every team member at Secureframe feels like they belong so they can have a greater impact on our business and customers. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.*

*Collaboration, connection, and having fun with colleagues is an important part of our culture as a remote first company.  Therefore, all employees must be able to travel by air to company offsites two to four times per year (reasonable accommodations will be made where appropriate).*

***We've become aware of fraudulent job offers and recruiters falsely claiming to represent Secureframe.***

*Please note:*

*1. **Official Communication:** All genuine Secureframe recruiting communication and job offers are sent from @secureframe.com email addresses.*

*2. **No Fees:** We never ask for payments or fees from job applicants at any stage.*