<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>You will join a team developing an AI-enabled electronic warfare capability for a 4+ generation fighter jet, guiding the project from concept to maiden flight. As a member of our chief engineering team, you will execute validation and verification (V&amp;V) activities. This involves modelling integrated systems, supporting the overall system and software V&amp;V strategy, and ensuring all activities comply meticulously with aerospace standards. Your primary impact will be collaborating directly with our AI software specialists to guarantee that the developed software meets contractual qualification requirements and consistently exceeds customer expectations.</p>
<p>\*\*Please note we are hiring for multiple roles, open to candidates at different levels of seniority from junior to senior\*\*</p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<div data-panel-type="info" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="panel" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="2 4 [&quot;expand&quot;,{&quot;title&quot;:&quot;Example Job Advert (Do not edit anything in yellow)&quot;,&quot;\_\_expanded&quot;:true}]">
<div data-panel-content="true">
<ul class="ak-ul" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="bulletList" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">
<li data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="listItem" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Create the simulation models of the systems and units to be tested and to integrate them into the different HiL (Hardware in the loop) and SiL (Software in the loop) labs/rigs.</p>
</li>
<li data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="listItem" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Develop/Support the development of the architecture of high-fidelity plant models and virtual prototypes (using MATLAB/Simulink, Ansys SCADE, or C++) to simulate aircraft components, complex EW system behaviours, RF environments, and aircraft dynamics.</p>
</li>
<li data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="listItem" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Develop/Support the in-house development of the tools needed to create and execute test procedures, integrate it with the requirements base (natural language and MBSE), integrate it to the complex test environment, and automate the generation of test results</p>
</li>
<li data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="listItem" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Negotiate system qualification requirements and MoC with our customer, derive high-level software performance requirements, and validate high-level software performance requirements in close collaboration with our software leads</p>
</li>
<li data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="listItem" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Improve the traceability of system qualification requirements across all relevant software development artifacts, and develop a V&amp;V product strategy to ensure the successful qualification of the final system and software.</p>
</li>
<li data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="listItem" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Prepare V&amp;V documentation to meet compliance and certification standards, providing regular updates on status and technical matters to engineering and programme management teams</p>
</li>
<li data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="listItem" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Lead/Support the final software product qualification activities with both customer and authorities.</p>
</li>
<li data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="listItem" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Collaborate closely with our quality assurance team to ensure that all V&amp;V deliverables adhere to established quality standards. Address any issues promptly to maintain the integrity of the project.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li class="text-start">
<p>Have practical experience with V&amp;V for the development of avionics or electronic warfare systems, from initial requirements definition to final qualification</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start">
<p>Have knowledge of Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE), with hands-on proficiency in tools like Cameo Systems Modeler, Enterprise Architect, or IBM Rhapsody (using SysML/UML)</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start">
<p>Demonstrate understanding of behavioural and functional modelling—translating high-level natural language requirements into formal executable models to drive early validation</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start">
<p>Have experience with test environment and tools development for the automation and execution of V&amp;V activities in compliance with industry and authority standards and guidelines (ARP4754A)&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start">
<p>Hold a degree in aerospace engineering, electrical engineering, physics, computer science, or possess equivalent practical expertise in resolving complex technical challenges</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start">
<p>Have the ability to report and present results clearly and effectively to both internal and external stakeholders</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start">
<p>Excel in teamwork, with the ability to coordinate and guide the team to meet aerospace standards</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Competitive salary</strong> and <strong>stock options (ESOP)</strong></span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Occupational Pension&nbsp;</strong>and<strong> Disability Insurance</strong></span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Relocation suppor</strong>t: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Learning</strong>: €500 yearly allowance </span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Health &amp; wellness:</strong> gym membership, mental health support (Nilo.health) and cycle scheme </span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Social</strong>: regularly company events and monthly social allowances</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Enhanced parental leave:</strong> 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers &amp; 6 weeks for secondary caregivers</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Family support:&nbsp;</strong>5 days of paid family emergency leave, remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work at full pay</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-DNI</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>