<p>JetBrains is a leading software company. For over 25 years, we have strived to make the most effective developer tools on earth. Our tools accelerate production, empowering developers and teams worldwide to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>YouTrack is a project management tool used by more than 100,000 teams worldwide. In recent years, YouTrack has seen steady growth in both revenue and customer adoption. We continue to actively develop YouTrack and have a strong roadmap ahead.</p>
<p>The YouTrack Marketing and Business Development team is seeking <strong>a German-Speaking Customer Success Engineer.</strong> You’ll be responsible for cultivating relationships with our small, mid-sized, and enterprise customers, as well as for helping our partners develop their capabilities to deploy YouTrack successfully, both in the DACH region and worldwide.</p>
<p><strong>As part of our team, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Provide technical guidance and pre-sales engineering assistance to potential new customers.</li>
<li>Provide onboarding sessions for new customers and technical training for existing ones.</li>
<li>Develop key sales, demo, and promo materials for YouTrack and adapt existing demo setups for specific use cases.</li>
<li>Manage existing large accounts and work proactively to retain and develop them.</li>
<li>Act as a liaison between customers and the product team.</li>
<li>Recruit potential partners and work with existing ones to develop their YouTrack deployment capabilities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’ll be excited to have you on our team if you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have at least three years of customer-facing experience in project management, software development, or a related discipline.</li>
<li>Can speak and write English fluently, as it is the preferred language of communication with customers, partners, and the team.</li>
<li>Can speak and write German at a professional level, as it is required for customer interactions, including meetings, demos, and written communication.</li>
<li>Have strong interpersonal communication skills, both verbal and written.</li>
<li>Are comfortable giving both in-person and remote presentations, hosting Q&amp;A sessions, and conducting product demos.</li>
<li>Have a technical background, experience with developer tools, and hands-on experience in software development, QA, system administration, release automation, or a related field.</li>
<li>Are able to work efficiently and independently in a distributed team.</li>
<li>Have a proven track record of building and developing relationships in the B2B sphere.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-REMOTE</span><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-JP1&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>