<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Senior Security Detection and Monitoring Engineer</strong></p>
<p>As a driven and proactive Senior Security Detection and Monitoring Engineer you will focus on Security Operations, Detection Engineering, Threat Detection and Incident Response. You will develop and maintain security solutions to improve detection capabilities within the whole Adyen ecosystem, automate difficult manual tasks and investigate security incidents.&nbsp; In short, we want you to build and operate a highly effective security detection and response system!&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How do we do that?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Collaborating</strong>: To create meaningful detections and to respond to triggered alerts you will collaborate with other members of the security, product, development and infrastructure teams. We do not work in isolation.</li>
<li><strong>Developing</strong> our very own tool: You will implement complex detection logic in our in-house developed security monitoring tool with a mix of Python and your bright ideas. Advanced Python development skills are a must,&nbsp; “a bit of scripting” is not enough for the challenges we have ahead of us.</li>
<li><strong>Operating</strong> our very own tool: all our security engineers developing new detections also act as security analysts and incident responders dealing with the alerts triggered by the monitoring system. We do not believe in the typical task segregation of traditional security operation centers. Do you agree with this view? Tell us why - or challenge us -&nbsp; in your motivation letter!&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Create scalable and actionable detection logic for emerging threats in Python</li>
<li>Develop new solutions to hunt, detect and deal with threats</li>
<li>Operate and expand our in-house built security event monitoring tool</li>
<li>Save your colleague’s time and brainpower through automation</li>
<li>Maintain up to date knowledge of tools, techniques, and procedures used by attackers</li>
<li>Bring and execute on state-of-the-art initiatives that help this domain be ahead of the market</li>
<li>Build and own security monitoring tooling in Adyen</li>
<li>Join the Security On Call group rotation</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have <strong>4+ years</strong> of experience in one or more of the following security domains: Intrusion Detection, Detection Engineering, Threat Detection, Incident Response.</li>
<li>You are proficient in two or more of the following areas:&nbsp; Operating System security (Linux/MacOS), Container Security, Network security, SaaS/IaaS Security.</li>
<li>You understand security detection and monitoring without being limited to specific SIEM tools or vendors.</li>
<li>You have solid and demonstrable experience with Python, and are able to translate complex detection logic into advanced code with ease.</li>
<li>You are a builder at heart, and have the mindset to script, automate, and scope projects to avoid repetitive tasks.</li>
<li>You believe that the security of systems, people and processes requires a pragmatic and humane approach where communication is key.</li>
<li>You have pioneered a solution in uncharted territory, setting a new standard for your team</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>