<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h2><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE:</strong></h2>
<p>The Tide Security Engineering team is made up of three core areas: Product Security, Identity, Threat Detection &amp; Response</p>
<p><strong>Product Security</strong> consists of application and cloud security experts. Their mission is to protect the products we build, covering everything from secure design reviews to threat modelling and penetration testing, ensuring security is embedded from the ground up.</p>
<p><strong>Threat Detection &amp; Response</strong> (this role!) focuses on protecting the company by building a robust detection and automation platform. We’re proactive in our defence, constantly hacking ourselves to improve our security posture and staying ahead of emerging threats. Our goal is to make Tide resilient against the ever-evolving threat landscape.</p>
<p><strong>Identity</strong> is responsible for managing Tide's staff identity platform, ensuring that access to systems and infrastructure is secure, seamless, and aligned with modern security practices. The team uses strategies like zero trust, multi-factor authentication, and granular role-based access controls to safeguard our internal operations.</p>
<p>While each area has its own focus, collaboration is key - it's why we share the same Slack channel and hold our standups together as one cohesive team, ensuring alignment and seamless communication across all security functions.</p>
<ul>
<li>Supporting the development and implementation of a strategic vision for threat detection, driving the overall direction and priorities for a team of highly talented engineers.</li>
<li>Getting hands-on with SIEM systems, including creating custom log-parsers for in-house applications, configuring alert rules, performing log analysis and tuning detections to reduce false positives.</li>
<li>Creating security automations and services to automate mundane tasks; from data enrichment to automatically removing phishing emails from employee mailboxes. We want you to run with the “anything is possible” mantra.</li>
<li>Continuously hunting for sophisticated threats across our infrastructure, leveraging threat intelligence and innovative detection techniques to stay ahead of attackers. You'll monitor and respond to threats across AWS, GCP, internal applications, and employee endpoints (Windows, macOS).</li>
<li>Collaborating with cross-functional teams to develop and implement; business-specific threat detection rules.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Responsible for ensuring the quality of detections, and uptime of our detection ecosystem through mature test driven development paired with proactive health monitoring capabilities.</li>
<li>Identifying opportunities to build or enhance internal tools that streamline threat detection processes, improve data visibility, and increase response efficiency.</li>
<li>Leading complex incident investigations, coordinating efforts across the security, IT, and engineering teams to ensure rapid and effective containment, remediation, and recovery.</li>
<li>Support as part of the wider security incident response on-call rota.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong knowledge with one of the following: Splunk, Scanner, Sentinel, SecOps.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of modern attack and defence techniques which apply to Cloud (AWS, GCP), SaaS (such as Google Workspace and Okta) and desktop (Windows and macOS) environments.</li>
<li>Passion for passing on knowledge to fellow colleagues.</li>
<li>Hands-on attitude and the ability to drive solutions to completion.</li>
<li>Strong experience in security automation, from writing scripts to creating end-to-end automated workflows. Familiarity with SOAR platforms and automating threat detection and response tasks.</li>
<li>Excellent spoken and written communication skills.</li>
<li>Experience with writing automation and scripts; bonus points if you have a repository to show-case your work.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong> -&nbsp; competitive salary and share options</li>
<li><strong>Time Off </strong>– Generous annual leave on top of bank holidays.</li>
<li><strong>Parental Leave</strong> – Paid maternity, paternity, and adoption leave to support your family journey.</li>
<li><strong>Sabbatical </strong>– Extended unpaid and paid leave options after completing milestone years with Tide.</li>
<li><strong>Health Insurance</strong> – Private family insurance with additional OPD coverage and top-up options.</li>
<li><strong>Life &amp; Accident Cover</strong> – Comprehensive accidental and life insurance protection.</li>
<li><strong>Mental Wellbeing</strong> – Access to therapy sessions, courses, meditations, and workshops.</li>
<li><strong>Volunteering &amp; Development Days</strong> – Paid days annually for volunteering or personal growth.</li>
<li><strong>Learning &amp; Development </strong>– Annual budget for books, courses, coaching, and more.</li>
<li><strong>WOO (Work Outside the Office)</strong> – Work from abroad for up to 90 days annually.</li>
<li><strong>Home Office Setup </strong>– Contribution towards setting up your home office</li>
<li><strong>Laptop Ownership</strong> – Keep your old laptop and get a new one when it’s time for a replacement.</li>
<li><strong>Snacks &amp; Meals</strong> – Office perks with snacks, coffee, tea, and lunch (location dependent).</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>