<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Who Are We?</strong></h2>
<p>Postman is the world’s leading API platform, used by more than 45 million+ developers and 500,000 organizations, including 98% of the Fortune 500. Postman is helping developers and professionals across the globe build the API-first world by simplifying each step of the API lifecycle and streamlining collaboration—enabling users to create better APIs, faster.</p>
<p>The company is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in Boston, New York, Austin, Tokyo, London, and Bangalore - where Postman was founded. Postman is privately held, with funding from Battery Ventures, BOND, Coatue, CRV, Insight Partners, and Nexus Venture Partners. Learn more at postman.com or connect with Postman on X via @getpostman.</p>
<p>P.S: We highly recommend reading <a href="https://api-first-world.com/">The "API-First World" graphic novel</a> to understand the bigger picture and our vision at Postman.</p></div><h2><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>With so many organizations using Postman, we are looking for an exceptional Solutions Engineer to join our team &amp; help us support the growth of our enterprise business. You will partner with our sales team to promote an API-first development culture, nurture customer relationships, and guide Postman users in leveraging our platform to build their APIs most effectively. Ideally, we are looking for someone who lives &amp; breathes APIs, has experience in enterprise sales, is comfortable with JavaScript &amp; is an expert Postman user already!</p>
<p>In addition to working with a product that customers already know and love, our sales, customer success, product, and engineering teams will support you well in this role.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Help drive enterprise sales by nurturing prospects &amp; supporting Strategic &amp; Enterprise customers</li>
<li>Conduct discovery, qualification, technical demos, &amp; proof of value workshops with prospective customers looking to embrace Postman for their API lifecycle</li>
<li>Handle Postman technical questions or objections &amp; provide solutions or workarounds to address customer needs</li>
<li>Understand deeply our customer workflows today &amp; how they can adopt API-first development best practices</li>
<li>Share customer feedback with appropriate teams &amp; provide general customer advocacy</li>
<li>Remain up-to-date with the competitive landscape, current trends, &amp; challenges in the API market</li>
<li>Create proof of concept integrations, tooling, &amp; workflows as needed to support prospective customers</li>
<li>Maintain &amp; develop customer sandbox environments &amp; best practices for working with the product</li>
<li>Act as a technical intermediary between sales &amp; other teams to best fit our customer needs</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of enterprise sales/solutions engineering experience</li>
<li>4+ years of software development experience</li>
<li>4+ API’s and Data platforms experience</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related field, or relevant work experience</li>
<li>Remote work friendly, with the ability to travel up to 50%</li>
<li>Loves teamwork &amp; collaboration in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Customer-facing experience &amp; comfortable engaging all levels of technologists, including individual developers, QA, product, &amp; engineering leaders</li>
<li>Experience engaging senior management &amp; executive audiences to convey Postman's value proposition</li>
<li>Capable of forging deep, long-lasting relationships with Strategic customers</li>
<li>Strong understanding of APIs, &amp; experience with producing &amp; consuming APIs across different domains</li>
<li>Strong understanding of modern development methodologies &amp; DevOps with an appreciation of the software development life cycle</li>
<li>Comfortable with the enterprise SaaS sales process &amp; common security concerns of cloud services</li>
<li>Experience executing enterprise sales strategies &amp; sales methodologies like MEDDIC, Challenger Sale, Command of the Message, etc.</li>
<li>Excellent listener who seeks to understand what a customer is trying to achieve rather than pre-supposing solutions</li>
<li>Familiar with typical developer tooling: IDEs, Git, CI/CD, monitoring services, microservices, containers, cloud computing services, etc.</li>
<li>Fast learner, excited &amp; willing to learn new technology on an ongoing basis</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills (presentation, verbal &amp; written)</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2 data-renderer-start-pos="4036"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What Else?</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">In addition to Postman's pay-on-performance philosophy, and a flexible schedule working with a fun, collaborative team, Postman offers a comprehensive set of benefits, including full medical coverage, flexible PTO, wellness reimbursement, and a monthly lunch stipend. Along with that, our wellness programs will help you stay in the best of your physical and mental health. Our frequent and fascinating team-building events will keep you connected, while our donation-matching program can support the causes you care about. We’re building a long-term company with an inclusive culture where everyone can be the best version of themselves.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">At Postman we value in person collaboration. We are in office 5 days a week for all roles based out of our hubs in San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, Austin, Tokyo and London. For roles based in Bangalore, employees currently work in the office three days a week and will transition to five days per week by the end of the year. We were thoughtful in our approach which is based on collaboration and grounded in feedback from our workforce, leadership team, and peers. The benefits of our in office model will be shared knowledge, brainstorming sessions, communication, and building trust in-person that cannot be replicated via zoom.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="3620"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Our Values</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3633">At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also failures. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.</p>
<h2><strong>Equal opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">Postman is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. Postman does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Postman will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Postman.</p></div>