<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>As a Business Development Representative, you will play a critical role in driving revenue growth for the Intercom Sales organization through effective pipeline generation. Our role is to lay the foundation for Intercom Sales by engaging with prospects and customers, helping them understand the value of Intercom through creative &amp; engaging prospecting.</p>
<p>We invest in our BDRs. We strongly believe in giving our team the opportunities to grow &amp; develop at Intercom, to push themselves outside of their comfort zones to achieve goals they never thought possible. In joining the Business Development team at Intercom, you join a community that believes in development and promotion from within. We’re looking for people who are excited to work in a fast-moving company, make an impact, and rapidly develop their career in sales.</p>
<p>As a BDR team, we empower one another to achieve our goals, exceed expectations and continue to deliver real business impact. We’re looking for a teammate to do the same!</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategic Account Targeting</strong>: Partner with Enterprise Account Executives to build and prioritize highly strategic target account lists. This includes deep dives into firmographics, technographics, and intent data to identify top opportunities.</li>
<li><strong>Expert Enterprise Prospecting</strong>: Generate new business pipeline through expert cold calling, highly personalized email, and targeted LinkedIn social selling. You'll consistently attract new, large-scale customers by crafting hyper-personalized messaging for C-level executives, orchestrating multi-threaded outreach campaigns, and leveraging sales intelligence tools to uncover critical insights and pain points.</li>
<li><strong>Exceptional Prospect Experience</strong>: Deliver an outstanding and tailored experience for prospective enterprise customers, acting as the initial point of contact and ensuring a high-value introduction to our solutions. You'll articulate Intercom's value as a trusted advisor.</li>
<li><strong>Product &amp; Market Acumen</strong>: Maintain a comprehensive understanding of Intercom's product suite and its value proposition.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Optimization</strong>: Collaborate with Marketing, Sales Operations, and Product to improve business processes that directly impact enterprise pipeline generation and conversion, providing valuable field feedback.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong desire to build a career in Sales, you want to be an Account Executive or a closing based role in the future</li>
<li>1+ year of customer-facing work experience (Sales and/or SaaS experience is a +)</li>
<li>Experience and success from working with Enterprise sized accounts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Operational Excellence: You can use your time in an effective and efficient manner to complete revenue driving activities, you can quickly identify where to focus your efforts to drive more pipeline.</li>
<li>Competitive Landscape &amp; Industry Knowledge is crucial. You’ll bring an understanding of the SaaS landscape and our target verticals. You always want to stay on top of the latest news &amp; industry trends.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prospecting skills (cold calling, email, social): You know how to leverage modern sales engagement tools to deliver prospect engagement across multiple channels (phone, email, LinkedIn)</li>
<li>Communication: You can articulate your thoughts and express ideas effectively using verbal, written and non-verbal communication skills (to inform, instruct, and persuade), to different audiences. You listen effectively and love to partner and collaborate with your peers</li>
<li>Growth Mindset: You’re self-aware and understand both your strengths and weaknesses. You understand every day is an opportunity to be 1% better than the day before. You proactively seek feedback.</li>
<li>Results Oriented: You bring a never settle approach to quota, progression and team development. Results oriented BDRs are hungry to succeed and raise the bar.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus skills &amp; attributes&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's Degree preferred</li>
<li>Familiarity with these systems and tools: (SFDC, Outreach, Cognism, Zoominfo, LinkedIn Sales Navigator)</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>Catered lunch every weekday, plus a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Healthcare stipend towards private health insurance for you and your partner/spouse</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed</li>
<li>Unlimited access to Claude Code and best-in-class AI tools; experimentation &amp; building is encouraged &amp; celebrated</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-Hybrid</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>