HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the HomeMade team.

**About HomeMade**

HomeMade is an approved aged care provider dedicated to improving its customers' lives by empowering older people to self-manage their service providers with the assistance of our clinical and customer support teams.

Our transformative technology platform helps thousands of people retain choice and control by allowing them to create unique support plans that meet their specific needs and optimise their funds.

By working at HomeMade, you can play a crucial role in helping older people maintain their independence and live fulfilling lives in their own homes. You’ll be joining a team that is passionate and dedicated to making a meaningful difference in the lives of others.

To find out more, visit <https://homemadesupport.com.au/>

**About the role**

An exciting opportunity exists to join our team as a **Support Specialist**, helping people to live the life they want.

Reporting directly to the Service & Support Manager  you will be working closely with our Support Partners to deliver a personal, friendly, high-quality service experience as our customers go through all stages of the HomeMade journey.

To support our customers and keep operations running smoothly, we require flexibility to work within the hours of **Monday to Friday, 7:00am – 7:00pm**. Full-time team members work 38 hours per week, with schedules rostered within these operating hours.

## Key Responsibilities

- Support HomeMade customers through proactive and reactive communications via multiple channels
- Manage a high volume of inbound and outbound phone calls and emails (known internally as cases)
- Work closely with the Support Partners to sign up, onboard and deliver ongoing support to Homemade customers.
- Provide high quality customer support, guidance and training to customers to help self-manage their HCP and achieve their goals
- Daily management of customer account documentation, including updating customer profile,  accounts and shift notes. Updating systems (Salesforce) and Support Partners
- Follow up on outstanding Customer inquiries, feedback and complaints.
- Recognise unhappy customers and work towards a resolution or escalate where required
- Liaising with our internal accounts team to facilitate swift onboarding of Service Provider, make payments and update Customer accounts
- Engage in regular workshops and team meetings to evaluate current processes and procedures with a viewpoint to continuous improvement
- Proactively work with customers to help get the most out of systems and Service Partners platforms
- Adhere to team processes and procedures and meet individual and team KPI
- Advocate for customers to ensure their needs are met and inquiry resolved
- Assist the Onboarding Management with ad hoc tasks at the discretion of the Senior Manager
- Undertake other duties and responsibilities as required.

## The key to your success

- Bring empathetic and supportive customer service skills to our full range of customers and experiences, including responding to technical enquiries.
- You will be proactive, a critical thinker and a great problem solver
- You are a good listener, problem solver and people person
- You pride yourself and gain great satisfaction in providing amazing customer service
- You care about your customers and will always go the extra mile to get them the best outcomes
- HomeMade is a technology enabled business, therefore we need tech savvy people who love to learn new things and experience troubleshooting
- You need to be confident using Google suite, Salesforce, and cloud-based contact centre software or can demonstrate an ability to pick similar systems up quickly
- Experience in a customer service, sales/account management environment is preferred
- You enjoy working in a team towards team goals, deadlines and weekly KPIs
- You approach work with high-energy, drive and internal motivation in a fast paced and flexible environment
- Strong connection to, or interest in building an understanding of the Australian disability and aged care sectors and communities
- You exhibit adaptability, resilience, transparency, trustworthiness, passion and innate curiosity
- It’s important to note that while home/ aged care experience is appreciated, it's not essential to succeed in the role.

**The values we live by**

**Put People First** 🫶🏼

People and relationships matter most.

**Foster Freedom** 🪁

Life should be lived in a way that makes sense for you, without unnecessary controls or external restrictions.

**Do The Right Thing** 💖

Be fair, honest, open, ethical, and transparent.

**Be Bold** 💡

With a vision to imagine and create a brighter future.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!