<div class="content-intro"><p>LogicGate® is the leading AI GRC platform for the Enterprise, helping governance, risk, and compliance teams limit surprises, strengthen resilience, augment program performance, and confidently quantify impact and business value. Built to provide a centralized view of risk and compliance, with AI intelligence woven into the platform's core, LogicGate delivers real-time insights and actionable data to help drive current business decisions, with the flexibility to scale alongside evolving business needs. Recognized as a Leader in the GRC Market, LogicGate continues to further solidify its position as a best-in-class platform.</p>
<p>At LogicGate, our people are the foundation of everything we do. We are committed to delivering an exceptional experience for our employees and our customers by empowering and enabling our people to take ownership, make an impact, and deliver their best work.</p></div><p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>Our Strategic Account Executives have a passion for pitching novel technology in big markets. You’ll target large enterprises in all verticals with a focus on their GRC programs. We are disrupting the GRC software industry as a recent Forrester Wave Leader by providing a solution end users can self-manage, saving enterprises huge amounts of time and money and you’ll focus on identifying target accounts and bringing them through the full sales process. This is an opportunity to play a key role in building a business, have a huge and direct impact on top line revenue growth, and be part of a collaborative, high-performing sales team.</p>
<p><strong>How you’ll spend your time:</strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Strategically developing a territory plan for a targeted list of accounts in Salesforce leveraging best in class sales technology including marketing automation, buyer intent signals, pipeline analytics, and more!</li>
<li>Generating new business pipeline primarily by cold prospecting through partner collaborations, social communication, email and phone calls.</li>
<li>Form strategic sales plan to target use cases within industry verticals.</li>
<li>Taking a customer through the full lifecycle of an opportunity including qualification/ discovery, demo (in partnership with a Solutions Engineer), building relationships within an organization, proposal, negotiation, and close.</li>
<li>Being an advocate for our customers. Actively listening to understand their goals and share these potential opportunities with our product team.</li>
<li>Leveraging sales enablement tools to effectively measure activities and develop best practices. Continuously refining and improving on sales activities.</li>
<li>Consulting and advising our customers on best practices for their use case on the LogicGate platform.</li>
<li>Deliver world class customer service in every customer interaction</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We get excited about you if you have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven sales experience. You will ideally have 10+ years of total Sales experience, specifically 5+ years of large enterprise sales experience selling B2B SaaS technology.</li>
<li>Curiosity and the desire to understand our customer’s problems – and effectively communicate how LogicGate can add value.</li>
<li>Great listening skills, as well as humility. We won’t be the right solution all the time for every organization, so we believe in understanding customer needs first before we make our pitch.</li>
<li>A tech savvy seller – can quickly pick up new technology and understands our platform front and back. Previous experience in BPM or GRC software is a huge plus.</li>
<li>Great people skills. Ability to quickly understand your audience and tailor the right message to them, typically via web conference.</li>
<li>Excitement to build lasting relationships. Someone who is in it for the long term and understands the value in building trust with customers.</li>
<li>Proficiency in using Salesforce.com and sales automation software.</li>
<li>Willingness to be creative, test solutions, measure results and iterate on a process for continual improvement.</li>
</ul>
<p>The anticipated on-target earnings range for the role is <strong>$290,000 - $350,000 </strong>per year + equity + benefits. Actual salaries may vary and will be based on factors, such as the candidate's qualifications, skills, competencies, and proficiency for the role. Internal candidates who have current pay within or above the hiring range are still encouraged to apply if interested.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;Hybrid Workplace</strong></p>
<p>Our hybrid workplace allows for flexibility aligned to role responsibilities and exceptional customer delivery. Location requirements for this role can be found above.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Total Rewards&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to offer a variety of competitive, inclusive, and comprehensive total rewards that are designed to support the unique needs of our employees both inside and outside of the workplace.</p>
<p>In addition to offering competitive salary and variable compensation plans, equity options, and flexible health and wellness benefits, we are proud to offer generous PTO, Annual Company Holidays, Health Days, and Summer Fridays.</p>
<p>Employees' growth and development are supported throughout their career journey through informal and formal programs and activities, including access to LinkedIn Learning, regular People Leader training, and our internal Mentorship Program.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Culture</strong></p>
<p>At LogicGate, our culture and employee experience are grounded in our core values of Be as One, Do the Right Thing, Embrace Curiosity, Own It, Empower Customers, and Raise the Bar, which guide how we show up - for each other, our customers, and all we interact with.</p>
<p>We believe that the strongest teams are made up of individuals who bring their different identities, experiences, and perspectives to the table. We are committed to fostering an inclusive work environment where all employees’ differences are celebrated and everyone is encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work.</p>
<p>We encourage everyone to join one of our Employee Resource Groups (AAPI @ LogicGate, Pride at LogicGate, and Women in LogicGate) to participate in and contribute to conversations that foster an inclusive culture.</p>
<p>LogicGate also believes strongly in giving back to the communities in which we live and work. To enable our teams to give back, we offer paid volunteer hours and company-wide charitable activities supporting a variety of organizations and causes.</p>
<p>We are proud to have been recognized as a top workplace by Built In, Crain’s Chicago Business, the Chicago Tribune, and more. Visit&nbsp;<a href="https://www.logicgate.com/about-us/news-at-logicgate/#filter=">our website</a>&nbsp;to learn about our latest recognition.</p>
<p>Learn more about our culture&nbsp;<a href="https://builtin.com/company/logicgate/office-culture">here</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Excited about LogicGate but not familiar with GRC?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>GRC stands for Governance, Risk, and Compliance</li>
<li>GRC professionals help their companies manage uncertainty, act with integrity, and stay on the right side of the law.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The GRC market is rapidly expanding with continuous growth opportunities. The current market size was valued at $50.5 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach $104.5 billion by 2031.</li>
</ul>