<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>Starburst is the data platform for analytics, applications, and AI, unifying data across clouds and on-premises to accelerate AI innovation. Organizations—from startups to Fortune 500 enterprises in 60+ countries—rely on Starburst for fast data access, seamless collaboration, and enterprise-grade governance on an open hybrid data lakehouse. Wherever data lives, Starburst unlocks its full potential, powering data and AI from development to deployment. By future-proofing data architecture, Starburst helps businesses fuel innovation with AI.</p></div><h4><strong>About the role</strong></h4>
<p>We are looking for top performers who can match Starburst Data’s leading product offering with the right customer. While working with an all-star sales team at our fast paced growth company, you should be curious and have a basic understanding of our offerings. We will provide you with the training and support you need to be the best.You revel in the day to day details while maintaining a clear understanding of the big picture, effortlessly directing your sales efforts to our Account Executives.This position is a fantastic opportunity for a candidate eager to kickstart their career in software sales.</p>
<h4><strong>As a Sales Development Representative at Starburst you will:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Reach out to prospective customers in the Middle East and Emerging Markets with a well-researched hypothesis on how we can solve their pain</li>
<li>Meticulously track and nurture your outbound activity</li>
<li>Nimbly interact with potential customers through various points of contact including attending in person meetings, trainings, and trade shows with confidence and ease</li>
<li>Learn the basics of prospecting and discovery to help jumpstart your career in salesMeet and exceed monthly, quarterly, and annual lead generation quotas</li>
<li>Outbound prospecting through email, phone calls, and social media to schedule meetings for the Sales team</li>
<li>Qualify leads and assess their needs to determine if they are a good fit for Starburst Data</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Some of the things we look for:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>6-12 months relevant BDR / SDR experience in tech</li>
<li>Native Arabic speaker</li>
<li>Have an innate curiosity about how data is changing the world</li>
<li>Enjoy a challenge and getting out of your comfort zone to aid in your personal and professional development/growth</li>
<li>Adeptly prioritize and reprioritize based on the evolving demands of other departments</li>
<li>Thrive in the unknown – and have a track record to prove it</li>
<li>Examples of where you have displayed your passion and perseverance to accomplish a long term goal</li>
<li>You want a career in sales and see this as an excellent way to learn and prove yourself</li>
<li>Business Acumen - you have built this through academic or professional experiences</li>
<li>You are an Entrepreneur at heart</li>
<li>Ability to Travel: This role will require 25% in-person travel for purposes including but not limited to new hire onboarding, team and department offsites, customer engagements, and other company events. Actual travel expectations may vary by role and business needs.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Build your career at Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>All-Stars have the opportunity and freedom to realize their true potential. By building alongside top talent, we’re empowered to take ownership of our careers and drive meaningful change. Anchored in industry-proven technology and unprecedented success, All-Stars are taking on the challenge everyday to disrupt our industry – &nbsp;and the future.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our global workforce is supported by a competitive Total Rewards program that reflects our commitment to a rewarding and supportive work environment. This includes a variety of benefits like competitive pay, attractive stock grants, flexible paid time off, and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are committed to fostering an intentional, inclusive, and diverse culture that drives deep engagement, authentic belonging, and an exceptional All-Star experience. We believe that diversity of thought, perspective, background and experience will enable us to own what we do, drive our success and empower our All-Stars to show up authentically.</p>
<p>Starburst provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state<br>&nbsp;or local laws.</p></div>