<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>We are seeking an independent <strong>Senior Salesforce Engineer </strong>who effectively balances technical excellence with a disciplined approach to the software development lifecycle. In this role, you will serve as a guardian of our codebase through implementation, rigorous peer reviews, automated testing, and comprehensive deployment support, ensuring the architectural integrity of our environments.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Technical Implementation:</strong> Lead the translation of user stories into robust, scalable technical designs. Responsible for the end-to-end execution of features, ensuring alignment with organizational standards.</li>
<li><strong>Solution Design and Architecture:</strong> Architect and design secure, scalable solutions by translating complex business requirements into technical specifications and solution designs that leverage the Salesforce platform, particularly within the Sales and CPQ domains.</li>
<li><strong>Quality Assurance and Testing:</strong> Ensure 100% unit test coverage for all new logic. Build and maintain an automated test regression suite to minimize manual overhead and proactively identify regressions.</li>
<li><strong>Code and Peer Mentorship:</strong> Conduct thorough Pull Request (PR) reviews, providing constructive feedback to junior and mid-level developers to maintain code quality and consistency.</li>
<li><strong>Deployment and Release Support:</strong> Manage the deployment cycle, including documenting all changes, securing necessary Jira approvals, resolving environment-specific test issues, and performing final validation in Production.</li>
<li><strong>Global Collaboration &amp; Ownership:</strong> Demonstrated strong ownership and the ability to communicate effectively and collaborate seamlessly with cross-functional, global teams and stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Salesforce Development Expertise (5+ years):</strong> Proven proficiency in Salesforce development, including Apex, Process/Flow Automations, and Lightning Web Components (LWC).</li>
<li><strong>Software Development Acumen (3+ years):</strong> Strong background in general software engineering principles, with significant experience in Java, Python, or JavaScript.</li>
<li><strong>Domain Specific Knowledge:</strong> In-depth knowledge and practical experience within Sales Cloud and Configure, Price, Quote (CPQ) domains are essential.</li>
<li><strong>Advanced AI Agent Frameworks &amp; Data Processing:</strong> Expertise in modern AI agent or agentforce frameworks, orchestration techniques, Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) pipelines, and advanced vector search methodologies.</li>
<li><strong>CI/CD Pipeline Proficiency:</strong> Hands-on experience with continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines, specifically utilizing Jenkins and Salesforce DX (SFDX) for efficient development and release.</li>
<li><strong>Secure Salesforce Solution Development:</strong> Deep understanding and practical application of Salesforce security features, adherence to data privacy regulations, and implementation of best practices for secure solution development.</li>
<li><strong>Communication, &amp; Problem-Solving:</strong> Possesses excellent communication and robust problem-solving abilities. Capable of independently driving technical direction, mentoring team members, fostering collaboration, and effectively managing all project aspects.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications (Extra Credit)</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Salesforce certifications, such as Platform Developer I/II, CPQ Administrator, Application Architect, or Technical Architect.</li>
<li>Experience designing or implementing advanced Salesforce DevOps practices.</li>
<li>Previous work in a high-growth, SaaS, fast-paced technology company.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-JB2</p>
<p>P24733\_3364841</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Below is the annual salary range for candidates located in Poland. Your actual salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, and experience. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and comprehensive healthcare coverage and financial benefits including paid time off and parental leave in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program, please visit: https://rewards.okta.com/pol.</p></div><div class="title">The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in Poland is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>225 000 zł</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>330 000 zł PLN</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>