<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p data-start="294" data-end="637">We are looking for an experienced <strong>Environmental Health Safety (EHS) Specialist</strong>&nbsp;to oversee and continuously improve health, safety, and environmental practices at our data center in Mäntsälä.</p>
<p data-start="294" data-end="637">This is a critical on-site role ensuring compliance, operational safety, and a strong safety culture in a high-performance, mission-critical environment.</p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-section-id="leable" data-start="669" data-end="792">Own and develop Environmental, Health &amp; Safety (EHS) systems to ensure a safe, compliant, and high-performing workplace</li>
<li data-section-id="6tf38" data-start="793" data-end="957">Act as the primary point of contact for local authorities and regulatory bodies (e.g., environmental reporting, fire safety, chemical safety, energy efficiency)</li>
<li data-section-id="1mi8t19" data-start="958" data-end="1121">Ensure the reliability, compliance, and continuous improvement of safety-critical systems (fire protection, emergency systems, equipment and tool safety, etc.)</li>
<li data-section-id="1113i4o" data-start="1122" data-end="1274">Lead risk assessments, safety procedures, and incident management processes; ensure documentation is accurate, up to date, and consistently followed</li>
<li data-section-id="66rng7" data-start="1275" data-end="1360">Drive incident reporting, investigation, and corrective/preventive actions (CAPA)</li>
<li data-section-id="12dsc8k" data-start="1361" data-end="1469">Maintain EHS data, KPIs, and reporting; lead internal audits and support external audits and inspections</li>
<li data-section-id="1kjjeec" data-start="1470" data-end="1585">Partner with cross-functional teams (engineering, operations, facilities) to embed safety into daily operations</li>
<li data-section-id="1lv67wc" data-start="1586" data-end="1696">Promote a proactive safety culture through training, communication, and continuous improvement initiatives<span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)">&nbsp;</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-section-id="1cxrd2q" data-start="1720" data-end="1841">Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Occupational Health &amp; Safety, Environmental Science, Engineering, or a related field</li>
<li data-section-id="u5prhc" data-start="1842" data-end="1960">Proven experience in a similar EHS/OHS role, ideally in industrial, construction, or mission-critical environments</li>
<li data-section-id="f4gfix" data-start="1961" data-end="2067">Strong knowledge of Finnish and EU legislation related to health, safety, and environmental compliance</li>
<li data-section-id="od3bqe" data-start="2068" data-end="2130">Fluency in Finnish and English (minimum CEFR B2 level)</li>
<li data-section-id="grxsi3" data-start="2131" data-end="2196">Ability and willingness to work primarily on-site in Mäntsälä</li>
<li data-section-id="fezl2f" data-start="2197" data-end="2272">Strong communication, stakeholder management, and organizational skills</li>
<li data-section-id="tjvs8" data-start="2273" data-end="2330">Analytical, structured, and solution-oriented mindset</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span> </strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li data-section-id="1ik45t6" data-start="2354" data-end="2430">Experience in data centers or other critical infrastructure environments</li>
<li data-section-id="1s1up9e" data-start="2431" data-end="2484">Experience working in international organizations</li>
<li data-section-id="13r3rzy" data-start="2485" data-end="2567">Familiarity with certified management systems (e.g., ISO 45001, ISO 14001)</li>
<li data-section-id="odvqe7" data-start="2568" data-end="2638">Experience with audits, certifications, and regulatory inspections</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>