<h2><strong>About the job</strong></h2>
<p>Who are we?</p>
<p>About Stripe</p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About The Team</strong></p>
<p>The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripe’s portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams. Stripe’s People &amp; Places Operations team will sit within the SDC and is a highly collaborative, cross-functional team that drives key support for the People and Places function. We work with many different teams at Stripe. We are nimble and flexible individuals that can wear many different hats. We don’t mind working through ambiguity and love adding organization to chaos. We believe that success is not defined by any one individual, but rather by the collective work of the entire team</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>&nbsp;Provide strategic HR leadership to HR Operations. Effectively manage, develop and engage the global team</li>
<li>Ensure an exceptional employee experience by simplifying key processes</li>
<li>Lead and implement HR initiatives and projects which are aligned within HR and Centers of Expertise (COE)</li>
<li>Coordinate and lead key projects for improvement across HR</li>
<li>Identify best practices that can be applied to improve work tasks and processes</li>
<li>Deliver service improvement activity across HR through employing process improvement methodologies and the application of innovative thinking</li>
<li>Promote and lead change</li>
<li>Supports the administration and maintenance of HR systems while driving process and data integrity across the HR landscape</li>
<li>Participate in and/or lead projects aimed at expanding centralization, leverage technology to improve the employee experience, and discover actionable insights and recommend solutions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Responsible for driving process consistency, data integrity and compliance to HR policies, procedures, data privacy, audit controls and regulatory requirements in all HR Service Center activities</li>
<li>Serves as the escalation point for HR Operations guiding the root cause analysis, resolution and communication protocol</li>
<li>Manage the case management system (Ops ticketing system) and team to establish service level agreements</li>
<li>Partner with the HRIS team supporting HR technology upgrades</li>
<li>Develop and maintain team standard operating procedures</li>
<li>Oversees relevant employee data management to ensure that data is secure and maintained consistent with company policies and privacy regulations and that required reporting and filings are delivered</li>
<li>Track HR metrics to identify areas for improvement. Develop and implement counter-measures to correct identified misses to goals</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Skills</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in verbal &amp; written communication in English</li>
<li>Good working knowledge of MS Office, MS Outlook; MS Excel. Proficiency is an advantage.</li>
<li>Strong attention to details.</li>
<li>Ability to analyze and identify patterns in large data sets.</li>
<li>Decision making aptitudes based on given guidelines and in ambiguous contexts.</li>
<li>Must be comfortable working with large data sets.</li>
<li>Very good knowledge and experience in internet navigation and research – finding specific information about products in a timely manner.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Minimum Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 5+ years of people and operations management experience</li>
<li>Education -- Grad/Post Grad in human resources or a related discipline</li>
<li>Desired 8+ years of experience in People Operations</li>
<li>Experience with HR systems such as Workday, Greenhouse, Confluence and Salesforce</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously with minimal supervision</li>
<li>Excellent leadership skills, data analytical &amp; presentation skills, Written &amp; Communication skills</li>
<li>Understanding of overall HR lifecycle – <strong>Core HR</strong>, Benefits, Talent Mobility, Equity, Compensation, Exits etc</li>
</ul>