<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.</span></p></div><div>
<p><strong>THE WORK:</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced Product Marketer with a background in the blockchain, traditional finance, and decentralised finance (DeFi) to join our team.</p>
<p>In this role, you will shape how Ripple’s institutional DeFi solutions are understood and adopted in the market. You’ll craft clear, differentiated positioning and lead go-to-market strategies that translate technical capabilities into compelling value for institutional audiences. This includes blockchain based solutions for payments, trade finance, collateral management, and more.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of traditional financial markets, strong experience leading product marketing for DeFi or crypto products in a constantly evolving environment.</p>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU’LL DO:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be the <strong>subject matter expert in our prospective markets, customer / partner segments, and the competitive landscape</strong>, forming data driven viewpoints on growth strategies and tactics.</li>
<li>Develop <strong>segment-specific go-to-market strategies</strong> for Ripple’s institutional DeFi solutions – including defining and sizing target markets, influencing product strategy through deep market insights, developing a solid GTM foundation including clear value proposition and messaging.</li>
<li>Working cross-functionally to own the strategy, coordination, and execution of <strong>new product features and partner</strong> <strong>launches</strong>.</li>
<li><strong>Partner with our business development team</strong> to drive engagement and joint go to market opportunities with key infrastructure and utility ecosystem partners.</li>
<li><strong>Partner with marketing, communications, and creative teams</strong> to bring the Institutional DeFi on XRPL story to life, activating the go to market strategy towards the right audience.</li>
<li><strong>Partner with the Sales Enablement team</strong> to deliver high-quality, just-in-time enablement material or sessions to set our field team up for success.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL BRING:&nbsp;</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>8+ years in Product Marketing, or in an equivalent role where you developed GTM strategy and drove execution of such strategy.</li>
<li>Experience working in blockchain, crypto/web3, or institutional DeFi. Direct experience / expertise in stablecoins preferred.</li>
<li>Outstanding structured thinking and creative problem solving skills.</li>
<li>Proven ability to work independently, prioritize proactively, communicate effectively and deliver value iteratively to day-to-day responsibilities.</li>
<li>Excel at developing differentiated positioning and simplifying sophisticated concepts into impactful messaging targeting a diverse audience.</li>
<li>Strong relationship building capabilities and the ability to work cross-functionally</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>WHO WE ARE:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Do Your Best Work</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.&nbsp; A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">In-office collaboration for moments that matter is important to our culture, and we give managers and teams the flexibility to decide which 10+ days a month they come in.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bi-weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Control of Your Finances</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee giving match</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mobile phone stipend</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Care of Yourself</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">R&amp;R days so you can rest and recharge</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite &amp; virtual programming</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacks/beverages, and plenty of fun events</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Benefits listed above are for full-time employees.&nbsp;</em></span></p>
<hr>
<div><em>Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Please find our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/eu-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">UK/EU Applicant Privacy Notice </a>and our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/ca-applicant-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">California Applicant Privacy Notice</a> for reference.</em></div>
<div><hr></div></div>