### About Toptal

Toptal is a global network of top talent in business, design, and technology that enables companies to scale their teams, on-demand. With $200+ million in annual revenue **and team members based around the globe**, Toptal is the [world’s largest fully remote workforce](https://www.toptal.com/remote-work-playbook).

We take the best elements of virtual teams and combine them with a support structure that encourages innovation, social interaction, and fun. We see no borders, move at a fast pace, and are never afraid to break the mold.

### Job Summary:

Want to make an impact by innovating how top global companies build teams and adapt to the Future of Work? As an Account Executive, you’ll be responsible for driving growth by acquiring new clients, re-engaging former clients, and expanding existing high-value accounts to maximize long-term growth opportunities. Success in this role comes from your ability to strategically identify and engage potential clients, uncover their key business challenges, and align Toptal’s solutions to meet their needs. This is a full-cycle sales role, which means you will take full ownership of your pipeline, including targeting ideal clients, setting your own high-quality meetings, and driving the sales process through to close.

This is a remote position. We do not offer visa sponsorship or assistance. Applicants must be authorized to work in the US at the time of hire. Resumes and communication must be submitted in English.

### Responsibilities:

*The following information is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. It is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, or required skills.*

* Drive full-cycle sales by identifying and engaging high-potential prospects, re-engaging dormant clients, and generating new opportunities through strategic outreach.
* Conduct outbound prospecting via phone, email, and LinkedIn to identify opportunities, present Toptal’s value proposition, and secure new business.
* Effectively manage the sales funnel to optimize lead progression, coordinate communication among various stakeholders, and diligently follow up on accounts to nurture leads toward conversion.
* Ensure timely and accurate CRM documentation, while providing leadership with clear sales forecasts and pipeline insights.
* As you become more comfortable in the role, contribute to evolving our demand generation strategy and tactics to expand pipeline growth and market reach.

#### In the first week, expect to:

* Onboard and integrate into Toptal.
* Learn Toptal’s model, our value proposition, and our story.
* Work with cross-functional teams to understand how you can utilize our incredible global team to build client relationships and drive success.
* Learn the breadth of Toptal’s impact on the world’s largest companies.
* Grasp the importance of the outbound function to the success of growing Toptal.
* Understand our sales method and our selling process to set you up for success.

#### In the first month, expect to:

* Complete our personalized sales training program, complete with mock calls, cold calls, and role-play scenarios.
* Learn how to use outreach tools (SalesLoft, Zoominfo, SalesNavigator).
* Learn the process for outreach, including calling, emailing, and LinkedIn messaging. Implement an outreach process and hit 1-month objectives.
* Learn how to analyze industry drivers, business problems, and target buyers.

#### In the first three months, expect to:

* Uncover new opportunities with existing accounts and target accounts that result in revenue-generating engagements for Toptal.
* Hit call/email quotas and fully ramped objectives.
* Become proficient in using our SaaS tools.
* Learn how to maintain excellent data integrity in Salesforce.com.

#### In the first six months, expect to:

* Continuously hit fully ramped quotas and objectives.
* Assist with training and onboarding new Account Executives.
* Build new and existing client relationships, expand Toptal’s partnership with new and existing clients.
* Suggest, implement and experiment with new lead and demand generation activities.

#### In the first year, expect to:

* Have closed multiple net new accounts from the strategic account list, while exercising discretion and independent judgment.
* Become a mentor to new members of the team, helping them learn about Toptal, our model, and how proper business development practices can improve relationships and increase revenue.
* Consistently maintain a high level of success by meeting and exceeding 100% of monthly and quarterly key performance indicators and targets.
* Establish a career path for advancement.

### Qualifications and Job Requirements:

* Bachelor’s degree is required.
* Minimum 2 years sales experience, including at least 1 year in a closing role.
* Experience in B2B or SaaS sales is strongly preferred.
* Proven success in full-cycle sales, including lead generation, prospecting, running virtual sales calls, funnel management, and closing.
* Proficient with sales tools such as Salesforce, Salesloft, and LinkedIn Sales Navigator, with a demonstrated ability to quickly learn new technologies and adapt to evolving sales platforms.
* Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly growing company and handle a wide variety of challenges, deadlines, and a diverse array of contacts.
* You’re persistent in the face of setbacks, eager to understand people and problems, and motivated to go above and beyond to reach your goals.
* You thrive with autonomy and ownership. We’re looking for someone who can be held accountable for leading their portion of the business.
* You must be a world-class individual contributor to thrive at Toptal. You will not be here just to tell other people what to do.

#### Essential Job Functions

* Regularly and reliably attend scheduled virtual team meetings on camera.
* Work independently with minimal supervision.
* Use all required digital collaboration tools.
* Prioritize and self-manage workflows and deadlines.

### US FLSA Classification: Full-Time/Exempt

*This position receives a base salary and is also eligible to earn monthly commissions based on revenue generated from engagements sold. For candidates who meet the qualifications and job requirements listed above, Individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.*

*Applications are accepted on an ongoing basis. In the US, Toptal’s benefit offerings include participation in a 401(k) retirement plan; medical, dental, and vision health insurance plans; basic life insurance coverage and short-term and long-term disability coverage; access to flexible spending, dependent care, and health savings accounts; access to telehealth virtual doctors; an employee assistance program; and flexible paid time off.*