<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE</strong></h3>
<p>As Product Sales Executive (Banking &amp; Payments) you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Call our existing members - build rapport with them, understand their businesses and will upsell relevant products or services to help them thrive</li>
<li>Work cross functionally with other departments to understand upcoming product launches and ensure that you can pitch these to our members</li>
<li>Work in a dynamic and data driven environment to reach team and individual targets</li>
<li>Play a part in testing of new leads/scripts that support the team overall as we work in new areas of the business</li>
<li>Get to know these leads/prospective members, and how their businesses plan to operate and will recommend relevant products and services to help them thrive</li>
<li>Spend time to take on ad hocs tasks and work on projects that support other business areas&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR</strong></h3>
<p>Tide is seeking a dynamic Product Sales Executive (Banking &amp; Payments) to drive our mission of supporting small, growing businesses. You'll thrive in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment and bring a target-oriented, entrepreneurial approach to our team. The ideal candidate will have:</p>
<ul>
<li>Previous financial services telesales experience and success working towards a revenue target</li>
<li>Experience using<strong> </strong>Kustomer (or a similar CRM tool)</li>
<li>Willingness to take on new projects and get involved in the teams growth</li>
<li>An excellent telephone manner and objection handling skills</li>
<li>Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills in English</li>
<li>Confident, outgoing and enthusiastic nature&nbsp;</li>
<li>Self motivation and conscientiousness, wanting to make a real difference to the business</li>
<li>Willingness to work with Product Owners across all areas of businesses in gaining feedback that can make the real changes to members experience of Tide</li>
<li>Some knowledge of Buyer Behaviour, Sales and KYC</li>
<li>Ability to get your strengths from working and collaborating in a team dynamic but also to work independently to your KPIs and targets</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>WHAT YOU WILL GET IN RETURN</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>25 days paid annual leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Commission based bonus structure</li>
<li>Extended maternity and paternity leave covered by the company</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional health &amp; dental insurance</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fully covered Multisports card</li>
<li>Food vouchers</li>
<li>Snacks, light food, drinks in the office</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance</li>
<li>Flexible working from home</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-RS12</span><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-Remote</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>