<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the Voice &amp; Video Postflight team as Twilio’s next Senior Software Engineer.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to build and evolve next-generation distributed systems that empower our customers through high-performance APIs. You will be tasked with solving the complex challenges inherent in supporting the massive scale of Twilio Voice, ensuring our infrastructure remains robust as we expand our capabilities.</p>
<p>As a Software Engineer, you will focus on the intersection of large-scale API development and advanced data systems. You will work on designing and implementing low-latency, highly scalable architectures that leverage modern database technologies to provide customers with seamless access to large-scale data.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Architect and implement</strong> next-generation distributed systems capable of handling the immense throughput and concurrency requirements of Twilio Voice.</li>
<li><strong>Design low-latency, high-scale APIs</strong> that empower customers with real-time access to their data and communications infrastructure.</li>
<li><strong>Optimize and manage</strong> distributed database environments, ensuring high availability and performance across high-volume data stores.</li>
<li><strong>Own the full development lifecycle</strong>, from initial system design and prototyping to the continuous operation of 24x7 production services.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate across engineering teams</strong> to solve "hard" distributed systems problems, ensuring our API layer is both resilient and developer-friendly.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A Master’s or Bachelor's degree and 5 + years of experience in software engineering, with a focus on backend or infrastructure systems.</li>
<li><strong>Expertise in Distributed Systems</strong>: A deep understanding of consistency models, partition tolerance, and the challenges of scaling stateful services.</li>
<li><strong>Core Languages</strong>: Proficiency in <strong>Java,Spring, Dropwizard</strong> and a strong grasp of building RESTful APIs at scale.</li>
<li><strong>Database Fundamentals</strong>: Practical experience working with and tuning <strong>PostgreSQL, Aurora</strong> or similar relational databases.</li>
<li><strong>Cloud Infrastructure</strong>: Familiarity with deploying and managing large-scale services on <strong>AWS</strong> or <strong>GCP</strong>.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Excellence</strong>: Comfortable operating in an agile environment with a "you build it, you run it" mentality.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>OLAP &amp; Big Data</strong>: Experience with <strong>ClickHouse</strong> or other column-oriented databases for high-performance analytical queries.</li>
<li><strong>Infrastructure as a code</strong>: Familiarity with tools such as Terraform, Harness for managing systems</li>
<li><strong>Data Pipelines</strong>: Prior exposure to technologies like Kafka or Spark for moving and processing data between distributed systems.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be based in our Dublin, Ireland office.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>