<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1000+ colleagues in 70+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a software developer to focus on dqlite, our distributed SQLite database which uses our own Raft library for establishing consensus and replication. Dqlite is available as a pure C library or through a Go package that we also maintain, and we intend to provide bindings for Python and other languages.</p>
<p>You will design and implement enhancements to the libraft, dqlite and go-dqlite components which we consume in MicroK8s, LXD and other projects. Work includes development in those pieces of software as well as responding to issues and user inquiries.</p>
<p>This is an excellent opportunity for someone who wants to have a meaningful impact on modern computing technologies. Canonical offers a fast-paced team environment and a career full of learning and development opportunities.</p>
<p><em><strong>Location</strong></em>: This is a remote position available in EMEA</p>
<h2>What you will focus on</h2>
<ul>
<li>Design and implement features across dqlite</li>
<li>Debug and fix issues encountered by your users</li>
<li>Improve Jepsen tests, traditional HA database automated testing and stress tests</li>
<li>Participate in our engineering process through code and architectural review</li>
<li>Engage with the open source community and commercial partners</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we are looking for in you</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience with distributed systems (preferably with Raft)</li>
<li>Good C programming experience</li>
<li>Solid understanding of asynchronous programming and concurrency patterns a plus</li>
<li>Capacity to learn quickly about new systems and techniques</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Bachelor’s or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer you</h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2>About Canonical</h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h2>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</h2>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>