<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. Our tools speed up production by automating routine checks and corrections, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>We are looking for a talented <strong>Full Stack Engineer</strong> to join our team and help build an innovative agentic-driven product. In this role, you’ll work across the entire stack – frontend, backend, and cloud infrastructure – designing, developing, and maintaining high-quality features. You’ll collaborate closely with product managers, designers, fellow engineers and AI-agents to deliver scalable, reliable, and user-friendly solutions.</p>
<p>Our tech stack:</p>
<ul>
<li>Primary: TypeScript, Node.JS, Nest.JS, React, Vitest (no legacy tech)</li>
<li>Secondary: Kotlin/Java (for some backend services)</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>In this role, you will:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop, and maintain end-to-end features across the frontend and backend.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product and design teams to translate user needs into technical solutions.</li>
<li>Write clean, efficient, and well-documented code.</li>
<li>Integrate our product with internal and external APIs and services.</li>
<li>Contribute to architecture decisions, scalability, and performance improvements.</li>
<li>Participate in code reviews to ensure quality and best practices.</li>
<li>Debug, troubleshoot, and resolve issues quickly.</li>
<li>Optimize applications for speed, usability, and scalability.</li>
<li>Stay up to date with emerging technologies, tools, and industry trends.</li>
<li>Continuously improve development processes and practices.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We will be happy to have you on our team if you have:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of proven experience as a Full Stack Engineer or in a similar role.</li>
<li>Solid engineering and architecture skills and ability to build reliable solutions.</li>
<li>Focus on customer-oriented delivery and understanding of user needs and requirements.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of backend &amp; frontend development.</li>
<li>Proficiency in multiple programming languages (e.g. TypeScript, Kotlin, Java, Python).</li>
<li>Experience with relational and/or NoSQL databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and MySQL).</li>
<li>Understanding of cloud platforms (e.g. AWS, GCP, or Azure) and containerization (Docker or Kubernetes).</li>
<li>Proficiency with version control systems (e.g. Git).</li>
<li>Experience with testing frameworks (e.g. Jest, Vitest, and Playwright).</li>
<li>Familiarity with authentication, authorization, and security best practices.</li>
<li>Experience with AI agent development</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and collaboration abilities.</li>
<li>A bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering (or equivalent practical experience).</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.<br>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-IM1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>