<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Senior Data Engineer</strong></p>
<p>At Adyen, we treat data and data artifacts as first-class citizens. They form our backbone and drive the business and product insights we generate. To this end, Adyen is looking for a Senior Data Engineers in Amsterdam. We’re looking for engineers that understand the business context and the data needs behind it, and excel in implementing high-quality data pipelines on our Big Data Platform. As a Senior Data Engineer at Adyen, you will play a crucial role in shaping our data infrastructure and ensuring the seamless flow of data across various systems.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Collaborative Solution Development</strong>: Engage with a diverse range of stakeholders, including data scientists, analysts, software engineers, product managers, and customers, to understand their requirements and craft effective solutions.</li>
<li><strong>State-of-the-Art Pipelines and Architecture</strong>: Design, develop, deploy and operate high-quality production ELT pipelines and data architectures. Integrate data from various sources and formats, ensuring compatibility, consistency, and reliability. Design scalable architectures.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Champion Data Best Practices</strong>: Proactively establish and advocate for best practices in performance, code quality, data validation, data governance, and discoverability across Adyen through mentoring, training, and knowledge sharing.</li>
<li><strong>High Quality Data and Code:</strong> Ensure data is accurate, complete, reliable, relevant, and timely. Implement rigorous testing, monitoring and validation protocols for your code and data, leveraging tools such as Pytest.</li>
<li><strong>Performance Optimization</strong>: Identify and resolve performance bottlenecks in data pipelines and systems. Optimize query performance and resource utilization to meet SLAs and performance requirements, using technologies such as caching, indexing, partitioning, and other Spark optimizations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experienced in Big Data:</strong> Over 7 years of experience working as a Data Engineer or in a similar role.</li>
<li><strong>Data &amp; Engineering practices:</strong> You possess an expert-level understanding of both Software and Data Engineering practices.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Super Star:</strong> Highly proficient in tools and languages such as: Python, PySpark, Airflow, Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, SQL, Git.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Clear Communicator:</strong> Skilled at articulating complex data-related concepts and outcomes to a diverse range of stakeholders.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Self-starter:</strong> Capable of independently recognizing opportunities, devising solutions, leading, prioritizing and owning projects.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Innovator:</strong> You have an experimental mindset with a ‘launch fast and iterate’ mentality.</li>
<li><strong>Data Culture Champion:</strong> Experienced in fostering a data-centric culture within large, technical organizations and setting standards for excellence and continuous improvement.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Data positions at Adyen</strong></p>
<p>We know companies handle different definitions for their data-related positions, this is for instance dependent on the size of a company. Since the birth of the Data Solution and the growth of all data streams, we categorized and defined all our positions. Have a look at<a href="https://www.adyen.com/knowledge-hub/roles-scaling-up-data-culture" target="\_blank"> this blogpost</a> to find out!&nbsp;</p>
<p>Teams we're currently hiring for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Protect Experience</li>
<li>Protect ML</li>
<li>Transaction &amp; Ledger Platform</li>
<li>Authorization Optimisation</li>
<li>Identity &amp; Risk Intelligence</li>
<li>Platform Risk</li>
<li>Compliance Data</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>