<div class="content-intro"><p>Trusted by more than 18,000 Shopify and Shopify Plus stores—like Brooklinen, Ruggable, True Classic and Dr. Squatch—Postscript gives ecommerce brands the tools they need to run a world-class SMS marketing program.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to make SMS the number-one revenue channel for ecommerce merchants by delivering an easy-to-use platform where they can grow their subscriber list, develop and test their messaging strategy, deliver excellent customer service, and drive sales and loyalty—all in one place. We believe SMS is the most important marketing and sales channel of the decade, and that vision drives everything we do.</p>
<p>Postscript was founded in 2018 as a 100% remote organization. With more than 250 employees (and counting!), we’re backed by Greylock, Y Combinator, and other top investors.</p></div><p>We are seeking a talented and experienced <strong>Senior</strong> <strong>DevOps Infrastructure Engineer</strong> to join our dynamic team. As a mid-senior level professional, you will play a pivotal role in managing and optimizing our cloud infrastructure, primarily using AWS. You will be instrumental in implementing pre-designed infrastructure and deployment patterns, collaborating closely with engineering teams to ensure seamless operations and efficient delivery of our products.</p>
<p>This is a fully remote position that can be based in the US or Canada.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Primary duties</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Infrastructure Management:</strong> Design, implement, and maintain infrastructure solutions on AWS, utilizing tools such as Terraform for Infrastructure as Code (IaC) and, ideally, Terraform Cloud.</li>
<li><strong>Container Orchestration:</strong> Deploy and manage containerized applications using ECS, with EKS experience being a bonus.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration:</strong> Work closely with engineering teams to understand project requirements, ensuring seamless implementation of pre-designed infrastructure and deployment patterns.</li>
<li><strong>CI/CD Pipeline Development:</strong> Set up and manage CI/CD pipelines to automate and streamline the software delivery process, with a preference for GitHub Actions or similar tools.</li>
<li><strong>Monitoring and Optimization:</strong> Continuously monitor the health of the infrastructure, identifying and resolving issues to optimize performance, scalability, and security.</li>
<li><strong>Scripting and Automation:</strong> Leverage Python for scripting, automation, and other development tasks to enhance infrastructure and deployment processes.</li>
<li><strong>Documentation:</strong> Create and maintain comprehensive documentation of all infrastructure components, processes, and deployment workflows to facilitate knowledge sharing and continuity.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We’ll Love About You</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience:</strong> 3-5 years of relevant experience in a DevOps infrastructure role.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Skills:</strong> Proficiency in AWS cloud services, Terraform, and container orchestration using ECS or EKS. Familiarity with Terraform Cloud is a plus.</li>
<li><strong>Programming:</strong> Proficient in Python, with GoLang being a nice-to-have for additional development capabilities.</li>
<li><strong>CI/CD Experience:</strong> Strong background in setting up and managing CI/CD pipelines, with a preference for GitHub Actions, or other similar tools.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration:</strong> Strong interpersonal skills to work effectively with engineering teams, understanding project needs, and implementing infrastructure solutions accordingly.</li>
<li><strong>Problem-Solving:</strong> Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills to identify and resolve infrastructure-related issues quickly and efficiently.</li>
<li><strong>Communication:</strong> Clear and concise communication skills, both written and verbal, for effective collaboration and documentation.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You’ll Love About Us</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Salary range of USD $161,000 to $189,000 base plus significant equity (we do not have geo based salaries)</strong></li>
<li>High growth startup - plenty of room for you to directly impact the company and grow your career!</li>
<li>Work from home (or wherever)</li>
<li>Fun - We’re passionate and enjoy what we do</li>
<li>Competitive compensation and opportunity for equity</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Health, dental, vision insurance</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>For information about how we use your personal data, please see our U.S. Job Applicant&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://postscript.io/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://postscript.io/job-applicant-privacy-notice" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Privacy Notice</a></em></p>
<p><em>You are welcome here. Postscript is an ever-evolving place of equal employment for talented individuals.</em></p></div>