<p>At Asana, security is foundational to our mission of helping humanity thrive by enabling the world’s teams to work together effortlessly. Our security team protects Asana’s employees, users, and customers by proactively addressing threats and fostering a culture of security throughout our product and operations.</p>
<p>We’re looking for a security engineer to join our Security Red Team in Warsaw. You’ll be a foundational member of the security presence in a key engineering hub, partnering directly with IT, infrastructure, and product teams to ensure we design and ship secure software. You will be instrumental in scaling our security practices by performing security reviews and penetration testing assessments of our products and internal applications, eliminating entire classes of vulnerabilities, and championing a security-first mindset.</p>
<p>This role is based in our Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday.</p>
<p>We offer a Contract of Employment (UoP) for our employees in Poland</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct security architecture reviews, threat modeling, and penetration testing for new features and services across our product and internal applications.</li>
<li>Test software for application security vulnerabilities through various assessment methodologies, including penetration testing.</li>
<li>Triage, investigate, and drive remediation of vulnerabilities from our bug bounty program, internal penetration tests, and automated security tooling.</li>
<li>Influence engineering initiatives by conducting design and roadmap reviews, effectively communicating security constraints, and assisting teams in making informed trade-offs.</li>
<li>Investigate product security incidents as an incident subject matter expert, using logs and monitoring tools.</li>
<li>Develop and deliver training to educate engineers on secure coding best practices and emerging threats.</li>
<li>Stay informed of industry trends, emerging threats, and best practices to ensure that Asana’s security posture remains robust.</li>
<li>Collaborate with teammates and stakeholders to develop both short-term and long-term strategies for risk management.</li>
<li>Join a collaborative Security team composed of specialists in product, application, software engineering, infrastructure and detection and response, all working together to help engineering teams design and ship secure software.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in application security, product security, penetration assessments, or software engineering with a security focus, with significant experience in security reviews and penetration testing.</li>
<li>Strong software engineering background with experience in languages like Python, Javascript/Typescript or Scala</li>
<li>Deep working knowledge of the OWASP Top 10 and common web application vulnerabilities such as XSS, CSRF, SSRF, and SQL injection</li>
<li>Experience with security tools for static/dynamic analysis (SAST/DAST), software composition analysis (SCA), and vulnerability management.</li>
<li>Proven experience performing security design reviews and threat modeling for complex applications, as well as conducting comprehensive penetration tests.</li>
<li>Excelling communication skills for collaborating effectively with both technical and non-technical partners.</li>
<li>A pragmatic and collaborative mindset, with a passion for building defenses against real-world attacks and enabling other engineers to do their best, most secure work.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system (base salary and generous Restricted Stock Unit for Asana Inc.)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (with 50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage for Engineers)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lunch catering on the days that you work from the office</li>
<li>Career growth budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office setup budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness reimbursement</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a></li>
<li>Mental health support in Modern Health</li>
<li>Group life insurance</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
</ul>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 25,604&nbsp; - 35,854 PLN gross monthly on the contract of employment (UoP). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base compensation range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>Our total compensation consists of base salary and equity (RSUs).&nbsp;</p>
<p>#appsec #securityengineer #LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>