<div class="content-intro"><p>At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition&nbsp; (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>About us </strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.&nbsp; Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.</p>
<p>Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.&nbsp; Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.&nbsp; <br><br>In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.</p>
<p>At Wayve, your contributions matter.&nbsp; We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></div><p>The role&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Operational Safety Coordinator (OSC) plays a key supporting role in ensuring Wayve’s autonomous vehicle fleet testing is safe, compliant, and well-documented. Reporting to the Operational Safety Manager, the OSC monitors our safety performance, daily risks, supports incident response, maintains safety documentation, and contributes to audits and compliance reviews.<br><br>This is a safety-critical role, subject to pre-employment and random drug and alcohol testing. It also requires some out-of-hours availability to support UK operations and flexibility to attend cross-geo meetings online, occasionally outside of UK office hours.</p>
<p>About you&nbsp;</p>
<p>In order to set you up for success as an Operational Safety Co-ordinator at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Essential:<br>• 2+ years’ experience in safety, compliance, operations, or coordination.<br>• Knowledge of ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance Systems) and/or autonomous vehicle operations.<br>• Organised, detail-focused, and proactive in identifying risks.<br>• Comfortable working with safety data (dashboards, reports, checklists).<br>• Strong communication skills across teams and disciplines.<br><br>Desirable:<br>• Experience as a Vehicle Safety Operator (VSO), or willingness to undertake VSO familiarisation training.<br>• Understanding of Human Factors in safety-critical environments.<br>• Experience with creating dashboards, data analytics and presenting insights to senior leaders and stakeholders.<br>• Experience supporting safety investigations or audits.</p>
<p>We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span class="notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know</span></p>
<p>We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>For more information visit <a href="https://wayve.ai/careers/">Careers at Wayve.&nbsp;</a></p>
<p>To learn more about what drives us, visit <a href="https://wayve.ai/careers/">Values at Wayve&nbsp;</a></p>
<hr>
<p>DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>