<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Customer Success, and Sales Operations - all working together help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a Cloudflare Director, Major Account Sales, you will focus on leading a team of strategic account executive and account executives. You and your team will grow our market share amongst Major Enterprise companies in Japan. The most qualified of candidates will understand how to attract, hire, and manage high performing account executives to hit sales targets and drive company goals.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role needs to communicate effectively across multiple departments, have the ability to shift gears at a moment's notice, and provide air cover for their team while advocating internally for their interests/needs. All of this with the main purpose of maintaining strong sales performance, meeting budget expectations and targets. The Enterprise Sales Manager role will report to the Country Leader.</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Meet or exceed quarterly team revenue targets</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with Recruiting to attract and hire top sales talent</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage contract negotiations and salesforce reporting</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage, coach, and develop a team of Strategic Account Executives and Account Executives.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide strategic direction to the sales organization and support to sales representatives as they manage deals from first contact to close</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work on the continuous improvement of sales processes and procedures</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A proven track record of sales achievement as a sales representative</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience managing a team of quota carrying sales talent</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience directly managing a pipeline of complex, large deals</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exemplary communication skills, both written and verbal, with confidence to develop and present ideas to varying levels of audiences</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of the sales process as it relates to Large Enterprise and Mid market companies</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hands-on leader that strikes a balance between strategic vision and tactical execution</span></li>
</ul>
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="8">
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="505" data-slate-fragment="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">&nbsp;</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>