*In 2001, Veepee revolutionised consumer spending by creating the concept of online sales-events, now better known as flash sales: branded products available in limited quantities, for a limited time (3 to 5 days), offered at a steep discount and with a creative and engaging presentation. In 2019, building on its European development strategy started in 2006, vente-privee changes its name to Veepee, a global brand present in 10 European countries. From being a non-specialist site dedicated to the online sale of stocks of major brands, Veepee has become a multi-specialist site with expertise in all the sectors in which it operates: Fashion, Footwear, Home, Children, Gourmet and Travel. Close collaboration with 7,000 brands allows Veepee to offer exclusive discounts compared to recommended retail prices. With 4,500 employees and millions of members worldwide, Veepee realised a net consumer sales value of EUR 3.3 billion in 2024.*

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

*As Key Account Manager at Veepee, you will ensure the best brands, the best stocks and the best prices on your portfolio.*

*You will be the key contact for Veepee partners and your role will consist of the development of existing accounts & the acquisition of new accounts to prospection.  You will work closely with sales analysts and other internal teams to ensure partners satisfaction and contribute to the overall success of our business.*

*The Home & Decoration team is part of our sales department.  Within this team we work with different renown brands such as : Baobab, Serax, Woodwick, Thermos and many others.*

*If you are passionate about building meaningful brand relationships, eager to learn, and looking to start your career in account management, we would love to hear from you.*

## 🎯 TASKS

1. ***Prospection (New Accounts)***: Identify, engage, and onboard new accounts, ensuring a robust and growing client portfolio.
2. ***Partnership & Relationship Development (Existing Accounts):*** Build, maintain, and deepen relationships with existing partners to ensure sustained growth and deliver the annual budget.
3. ***Deal Negotiation :*** Close agreements with our brand partners by negotiating the commercial and contract conditions
4. ***Market Knowledge*****:** Maintain a keen understanding of market trends, competitor activities, and industry developments to enhance Veepee's market positioning.
5. ***Sales Coordination:*** guarantee the internal negotiation needed with other functions to build the best solution to maximize performances (supply chain, planning, marketing,...)

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- 2-3 years experience as Key Account Manager or similar role.
- Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Marketing, or a related field.
- You are result-oriented and have strong analytical skill
- You master communication technique and you have strong interpersonal skills
- You have a good understanding of account management principles and practices.
- You have good negotiation skills and perseverance to close deals and resolve conflicts with a proactive approach
- You are pragmatic, rigorous and can manage multiple tasks simultaneously
- You are willing to learn and adapt to new challenges in a dynamic environment.
- You are a team player and can collaborate with different departments
- You master Google Apps and Office Pack, specially Gsheet, Slides and Excel.
- You possess excellent French or Dutch language skills and are fluent in  English

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉Flexible Office with up to 2 days at home
- 👉 Variable Bonus
- 👉 Home working allowance
- 👉 Meal- & eco-vouchers
- 👉 Company car
- 👉 Hospitalization insurance
- 👉 Discount on Veepee sales
- 👉 Extralegal holidays
- 👉 Online language learning Platform
- 👉 Corporate SIM card

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣  HR video interview
- 2️⃣  Business Manager interview
- 3️⃣ Commercial Director interview

All our positions are open to people with health conditions or impairments.

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself! For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗COMPANY

For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>