<h3>About the role</h3>
<p>MongoDB is looking for an experienced and results-oriented people leader to help grow our Customer Success program in Seoul, South Korea. You will play a key role in the growth and success of MongoDB, our customers and CS team members. Your team will be working directly with our customers, and you’ll help develop an outstanding program in one of its most exciting phases.</p>
<p>You will recruit and provide the coaching, mentoring and development that will enable both our high-touch and tech-touch Customer Success teams to positively impact customers, develop skills, and grow their careers over time. In addition to recruiting, retaining, and developing talent, you will also be responsible for crafting and executing initiatives to increase our customer retention and happiness, identify expansion opportunities, and promote customer adoption of MongoDB.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Seoul for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>We’re looking for someone with</h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years in Customer Success, Account Management, Client Services, or similar customer-facing roles in complex technical environments, plus 3+ years in a managerial or team lead capacity supporting large enterprises</li>
<li>Previous hands-on experience with MongoDB or other database technologies in areas such as solution implementation, technical account management, or enterprise architecture is highly preferred</li>
<li>Passion for and experience in hiring, developing and managing a team of individual contributors. Your team and their success are your top priority</li>
<li>A proven track record and experience with fast-growing teams, using data to drive initiatives and guide your decision making processes</li>
<li>A mind for technology. We’ll teach you all about MongoDB and databases, but our users and products are inherently technical. You should be too</li>
<li>Experience or aptitude for learning enterprise infrastructure technologies; exposure to MongoDB or NoSQL databases is a plus</li>
<li>High organization in your workflows. To lead and execute efficiently, you’ll need to be a specialist in prioritization and time management</li>
<li>You know how to deal with ambiguity and be able to navigate through it with perseverance, a positive mentality and a point of view. We’re still growing and learning and will look to you to help us establish and evolve processes</li>
<li>A strong desire to embrace partnership and collaboration. You’ll be working with multiple teams on a regular basis (Sales, Technical Support, Solutions Consulting, Marketing, Product, etc.) and helping to build the Customer Success “brand” across our entire organization and at our customers</li>
<li>You have experience in working and collaborating with internal and external partners with diverse cultural and professional backgrounds</li>
<li>An adaptive mentality. You love an ever-changing environment where you are constantly improving yourself, the team and your processes</li>
<li>Outstanding verbal and written communication skills with the ability to present to a diverse audience both internally and externally</li>
</ul>
<h3>Role Overview &amp; Key Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>People leadership: Recruit, mentor and develop individuals on the CS team</li>
<li>Execution: Define and lead to a set of analytical metrics to guide the direction of the team; deliver against quarterly and long-term targets</li>
<li>Build programs: Craft and execute initiatives sought to grow customer retention, expansion, satisfaction, and product adoption</li>
<li>Executive presence and communication: Build and maintain relationships across MongoDB teams, organizations and offices</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<p>The Manager, Customer Success will be successful in this role when they can execute the following strategic tasks/responsibilities</p>
<ul>
<li>In the first 3 months, you’ll have ramped on our key CS processes and program, effectively completed our weeklong training bootcamp and started interviewing for new team members</li>
<li>In 6 months, you’re actively mentoring and guiding the team through quarterly and monthly team goals and initiatives</li>
<li>In 12 months you’ll have accomplished in coaching your individual contributors on the team efficiently, and are on achieving and exceeding your team goals for retention, expansion and customer satisfaction</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p><br>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>\*\*MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.\*\*</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">4263288337</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>