**About TeleMed2U**

At TeleMed2U, we believe that time is the most valuable resource in healthcare— whether it is time to diagnosis, time to treatment, or time to better health. That is why, since our founding in 2011, we have been dedicated to increasing access to care across 20 medical and behavioral health specialties nationwide. By breaking down traditional barriers to specialty care, TeleMed2U has become a leading technology-enabled healthcare services company, delivering high-quality, convenient, and easy-to-access virtual healthcare solutions. Our integrated approach to chronic disease management empowers both patients and providers, improving health outcomes through seamless care coordination. With a focus on patient-centered innovation, provider collaboration, and data-driven care delivery, TeleMed2U is redefining specialty care—making it faster, simpler, and more accessible for all.

About the role

TeleMed2U is seeking a board-certified Neurology provider licensed in Texas to deliver high-quality virtual outpatient care. This fully remote opportunity offers flexible scheduling, full administrative support, and competitive compensation.

What you will do

* Perform comprehensive out-patient virtual evaluations for a large TX health system
* Order and interpret diagnostic tests such as labs and imaging
* Develop and implement patient management plans and document clinical progress
* Educate and counsel patients on treatment plans and chronic condition management
* Collaborate with Neurologists, clinical managers, and team members
* Manage patient inquiries via in-basket messaging
* Longitud

  
  
Please mention the word \*\*PLEASURABLE\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.