<p>Looking for an internship with commercial frontline responsibility and the opportunity to work on live client projects? Do you seek to have immediate personal impact? If so, our Summer Associate program is the right choice for you.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Program</strong> <strong>Duration</strong>: 10 weeks (June 15, 2026 - August 21, 2026)</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About AlphaSights</strong></p>
<p>We bring together some of the most ambitious people from around the globe to work with the leading investment funds, strategy consultancies and Fortune 500 companies. Together, we help our clients access expert knowledge, elevate their decision-making and drive progress by connecting them with niche experts across the world.</p>
<p>Founded in 2008, our journey has been nothing short of extraordinary. With 1500+ professionals in nine cities worldwide, we've firmly earned our place as a leader in our market and one of the fastest-growing companies in the world. Our relentless pursuit of excellence means we only hire the best and brightest graduates to help us reach new heights.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Consider the Summer Associate program if:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You thrive in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You possess a client-first mindset.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You excel under pressure and enjoy working to tight deadlines.</span></li>
<li>You are gritty, resilient and ready to roll up your sleeves and make things happen.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A Day in the Life of a Summer Associate</strong></p>
<p>As a Summer Associate in the Client Service team, you’ll be the link between our clients and the expert knowledge they seek. Throughout your workday, you’ll work on multiple projects from investors, strategists and dealmakers at top-tier client organizations seeking expert insights to inform their decision-making. This is a communications-intense frontline role requiring you to multitask across parallel workstreams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Recruiting experts</strong>: you will spend a significant part of your day speaking on the phone with experts who are uniquely relevant matches for your clients’ projects, often under tight deadlines.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding the<strong> project and market context</strong> and the legal and regulatory environment in which your clients and experts operate.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Taking ownership</strong> of every aspect of your projects, from initiating and managing client-expert communications to meticulously scheduling calls to ensure seamless collaboration between them.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Penultimate year student (Class of 2027)</li>
<li>Track record of strong academic performance (minimum GPA of 3.3)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Extracurricular achievement throughout school and university</li>
<li>Internship experience evidencing an interest in business is a plus</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills</li>
<li>Fluency in English and additional language skills are desired (Mandarin, Hindi, Bahasa Indonesia, Korean, Vietnamese, Thai, Tagalog, Japanese)</li>
<li>Fully available for the entire duration of the internship: June 15, 2026 - August 21, 2026</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Internship compensation is HKD58,753.25 for a 10-week program.</li>
<li>Unlimited referral bonus</li>
<li>Optional WFH on Friday&nbsp;</li>
<li>Opportunity to receive a full-time employment offer to return post-graduation. Learn more about our commercial career paths <a href="https://www.alphasights.com/careers/">here</a>.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>Perks:</strong> Complimentary breakfast &amp; snacks, iPhone and MacBook Pro for work</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal-opportunity employer. Read more about our commitment to DEI<a href="https://www.alphasights.com/about#our-impact"> <strong>here</strong></a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>