<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Vectara provides a scalable platform to deploy your Enterprise AI Agents and AI Assistants with </span><strong>Accuracy, Security, and Explainability</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> like no other solution. Our enterprise RAG and Agentic AI Platform offers unparalleled </span><strong>Accuracy, Security, and Explainability</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> by leveraging the strongest models for </span><strong>retrieval, embedding, reranking</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, and </span><strong>reasoning</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, an optimized </span><strong>LLM trained for quality,</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and advanced </span><strong>Hallucination Mitigation</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">. We are the developers of the Hughes Hallucination Evaluation Model and Correction model, core to ensuring accuracy, quality, and responsible AI that is </span><strong>production ready</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">. These innovations have been cited in the </span><strong>New York Times, Visual Capitalist</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, and many other leading publications. This platform has allowed us to be very successful with over 100 Enterprise clients including the likes of large US High Tech companies, military organizations, Financial services, Healthcare, and Manufacturing.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our founding team includes industry veterans and experts in neural information retrieval and distributed systems from Google. Join us as we pursue our mission to help the world find meaning. People at Vectara are passionate about ensuring customers take advantage of breakthroughs in applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) to solve real-world technology and business problems today. Our team is a group of unquestionable all-stars in their respective fields of computer science and business from Google, Cloudera, Splunk, MongoDB, Elastic, and more.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Role Overview:</strong><strong><br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Vectara is seeking a </span><strong>Senior Platform Software Engineer</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> with strong experience in modern DevOps practices and backend development. In this role, you’ll work on developing IaaC and Helm charts for deploying and managing the core infrastructure that powers our retrieval-augmented generation and agentic AI platform, as well as design and development of features in the platform. The design and deployment of the platform requires high availability, scalability, and automation. You will be part of our oncall rotation for addressing customer tickets. The role also requires basic platform and application development skills.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will work as an integral part of our Forward Deployed Engineering function, working with our Field Engineering team to assist with building and supporting everything from POCs to production applications used by millions of people. In doing this you will contribute to the delivery of customer satisfaction and sales outcomes for our business.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficiency in AI-assisted coding; able to do multiple tasks at once and manage AI agents to quickly execute.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive infrastructure automation, CI/CD, and monitoring/alerting pipelines.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with Field Engineering teams to support PoCs, and Platform deployments in customer Cloud VPCs and on-prem.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deploy, scale, and optimize ML/NLP workloads, especially model inference.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead initiatives to improve system reliability, scalability, and developer experience.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contribute to architecture and infrastructure decisions as we scale our platform.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Champion best practices in code quality, testing, and DevOps culture across the team.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design, implement, and maintain scalable and secure backend services and platform components.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of experience as a software engineer with a focus on backend systems and platform engineering.</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">At least 2 years of devops experience.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">At least 2 years of development experience.</span></li>
</ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep experience with all computing environments (GCP, AWS, Onprem, or Azure).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong understanding of containerization and orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with observability tools (Prometheus, Grafana, ELK/EFK, etc.).</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working on ML platforms or supporting ML workloads in production.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with data infrastructure (e.g., Kafka, Spark, Airflow).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficiency in languages like Go, Python, or Java; experience with infrastructure-as-code (Terraform, Pulumi, etc.).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with providing technical support of custom-developed systems to customers.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Equity and Salary Range:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Salary is just one component of Vectara’s employee compensation. Our full-time employees are also equity owners in the company, which although not an immediate cash component, can have positive impacts on long-term total compensation for each participating employee. We would be remiss if we didn’t highlight and celebrate our focus on engaging many of our employees in being economic co-owners of the business.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Vectara welcomes all. We value the collective wisdom of people from different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives.&nbsp; We never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. Vectara has a positive and supportive culture—we look for people who are inventive and work to be a little better every single day. We seek to be smart, humble, hardworking and, above all, curious. After all, we are on a mission to find meaning.</span></p>