<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe’s Professional Services team works with our most strategic users. You will work on the highest visibility projects to provide technical expertise to our customers to help accelerate their knowledge, solution design and integrations with Stripe. This role is responsible for leading strategic conversations and developing plans that will transform the payments and financial infrastructure for leading enterprises.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with Sales, Solution Architecture and Implementation teams to drive client engagement, customer wins, and revenue on behalf of the Professional Services team</li>
<li>Plan and execute integration engineering end-to-end, from high-level architecture down to code</li>
<li>Think on your feet and comfortable talking about technical concepts, and explaining how Stripe works, both from a product feature and API architecture perspective</li>
<li>Educate our users and the developer community about Stripe's value proposition, best practices and new technical developments</li>
<li>Be the primary, ongoing technical point of contact for our largest users' and partners' technical teams</li>
<li>Keep abreast of new Stripe technologies and software products and showcases technical thought leadership in whitepapers, conferences and other industry events&nbsp;</li>
<li>Providing recommendations, feedback and best practices to the product and engineering teams</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>4 years + experience in a Software Engineering / Integration Engineering role</li>
<li>Comfortable with various code-level debugging (Stripe code and user code)</li>
<li>Be comfortable talking about technical concepts, and explaining how Stripe works, both from a product features and API architecture perspective.</li>
<li>A user first approach &amp; empathy with our users</li>
<li>Confident and comfortable with customers</li>
<li>Strong generalist technical experience</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy the puzzle of solving open-ended problems, both individually and as a member of our team.</li>
<li>Willingness to learn and teach others&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborative, communicative, consultative</li>
<li>Intellectually curious, with great problem solving skills</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>