**AA Service Co** - ***HVAC Service Technician***

Located in Northbrook, IL serving north and southside Chicagoland

***Sign-on Bonus up to $6,000!***

**Are you passionate about delivering top-notch HVAC solutions?**

**Do you feel like your current role doesn’t fully utilize your skills or offer the career growth you desire?**

**Are you ready to join a team that truly values your expertise and supports your professional development?**

At **AA Service Co**, we recognize and appreciate the craftsmanship and passion that HVAC Service Technicians bring to their work. We are dedicated to fostering a supportive and rewarding environment where your skills are not only acknowledged but celebrated. Here, your contributions matter, and your growth is our priority. As a leader in the HVAC industry, we pride ourselves on delivering unmatched comfort and reliability to our customers, reflecting the high standards and dedication of our team. Our unwavering commitment to continuous training and development ensures that our team remains at the cutting edge of industry advancements. Join us, and let your passion for excellence shine in a company that values your craft and fuels your professional journey.

**We don't just offer jobs—we build careers. Here’s why you’ll love being part of our team:**

-**Sign-on Bonus Up to $6,000!** We value your skills and experience, and we’re ready to invest in you from day one.

**- Industry-Leading Weekly Compensation ($35 - $48/hr plus incentives!):** We believe in rewarding excellence. Our Service Technician are amongst the best paid in the area via hourly wage and commissions! **Our Techs average between $80k-$120k with top techs making between $120k-$180k per year”**

**- Fully Stocked Warehouse & Parts Runners:** We ensure you have the tools and support you need to excel, with a fully stocked warehouse and parts runners at your service.

**- New Clean Fully Stocked Truck:** Drive in style with a new, clean, fully stocked TAKE-HOME truck that’s ready for any job.

**- Comprehensive Health Benefits:** We offer affordable, high-quality health, dental, and vision insurance to keep you and your - family covered.

**- Paid Time Off Starting Day 1!** We believe in the importance of rest and relaxation, so you start earning paid time off from your first day.

**- 401(k) Plan with Company Match:** Secure your future with our competitive 401(k) plan, including a generous company match.

**- Parental Leave:** We support our team members through all stages of life, including offering parental leave for new parents.

**- Tool and Boot Allowance:** We provide a tool and boot allowance to replace the things you use the most to get the job done.

**- Training and Development Opportunities:** We’re committed to your professional growth with training at our **new Service Professionals Academy & Resources Center!**

**- Yearly Performance Reviews:** We believe in continuous improvement and offer yearly performance reviews to ensure you’re on track and rewarded for your hard work.

We are currently seeking skilled Commercial HVAC Service Technicians with a minimum of 3 years of commercial HVAC service experience. The Commercial Service Technician is responsible for the maintenance and repair of HVAC systems utilizing their knowledge of refrigeration theory, electrical schematics, pneumatics and electronic control systems, pipe fitting, welding/brazing and mechanical layouts.

## In this role, you'll be responsible for:

- Servicing products and equipment on assigned projects and ensuring customer satisfaction
- Performing repairs, overhauls, and start-ups of commrcial HVAC systems
- Using a variety of hand tools, following blueprints, wiring diagrams, piping schemes or engineering specifications, to diagnose and repair units
- Performing preventative maintenance, site surveys, replacement, and modifications as needed or requested by customers
- Maintaining vehicles by keeping records of service manuals, scheduling, and completing repairs and maintenance service
- Documenting work completed and updating notes in Service Titan .
- Keeping current all manufacturers’ products concerning installation, operation, maintenance, service, and repair
- Providing technical support to customers
- Mentoring less experience technicians and/or apprentices

## We are looking for:

- Universal EPA Certification
- 3 or more years of commercial HVAC service experience
- Clean, Valid driver's license
- Strong customer service and communication skills
- Flexibility to work overtime/weekends, as required