<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The APAC Velocity Grower Sales team is a highly consultative sales team that is responsible for the growth and retention of Stripe’s largest and fastest growing Startup, SMB and Commercial customers. As a Scaled Account Executive, you’ll identify new opportunities for our customers by executing scaled sales strategies to close upsell and renewals, and drive end-to-end campaigns to increase adoption of Stripe’s offerings.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a Scaled AE, you will work with some of our highest potential accounts that are still early in their growth. We are looking for a well-rounded strategic operator who is obsessed with data, can build strong relationships with Stripe’s users, manage projects to engage with customers at scale and work effectively with cross-functional teams.</p>
<p>This is a dynamic role, evolving rapidly. If you’re hungry, persistent, adaptable and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Run scaled campaigns to drive product adoption and manage full sales cycle through to close.</li>
<li>Manage contract renewals and lead commercial negotiations to retain and grow revenue.</li>
<li>Solve complex client needs working across product, billing, risk and operations teams.</li>
<li>Partner closely with marketing to drive the pipeline.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>2 years of experience in a client-facing role, preferably with commercial KPIs in a high growth tech organization.</li>
<li>Ability to build strong rapport with clients, and a consultative sales approach.</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills and the ability to manage complex pricing and cost considerations.</li>
<li>Ability to leverage data to make decisions, drive strategy and measure impact.</li>
<li>Impeccable prioritization skills and ability to effectively manage and execute against competing priorities.</li>
<li>Motivation and flexibility to adapt in a fast-paced environment where things change quickly.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Ability to understand the Stripe API and build great relationships with technical customers.</li>
<li>Experience with Excel.</li>
</ul>