We’re a team of 500+ professionals who develop cutting-edge web data gathering solutions for thousands of the world’s best known businesses, including Fortune 500 companies.

**What’s in store for you:**

Plenty of career opportunities — and we’ll help you seize them with internal/external learning resources and knowledge sharing events. To make your professional growth journey smooth, you’ll have a supportive team around you, as well as access to mental and physical well-being resources.

**A word from the team:**

**Join a fast-growing tech startup Webshare** and become a member of newly developing Account Management team. By joining us, you will directly impact the company's success by helping our customers, handling cross-functional team communications and growing together with the us. We promise to provide you with personal career development opportunities and that we will create a successful product altogether.

## Your day-to-day:

- Manage customer relationships: day-to-day communication B2B customers to ensure general satisfaction - customer retention.
- Identify long term account objectives by creating great customer experience.
- Successfully achieve revenue orientated targets by identifying upsell & cross-sell opportunities.
- Generate new ideas for value-creating activities with the customers: new campaigns, feedback collection ways, etc.
- Be the main product advocate and independently navigate specific technical topics in communication with our customers.
- Leverage and coordinate internal stakeholders to efficiently resolve client issues.
- Keep up to date and supervise CRM data - status, opportunities, tasks, conversions, enrichment.
- Manage agreements, renewals and attrition risk: ensure proactive attrition management by identifying at-risk accounts and developing detailed action plans.

## Your skills & experience:

- At least 2 years of experience in leading customer engagements with a demonstrated ability to deliver positive results for customers.
- Ability to deliver positive results for customers by understanding business/personal needs and building strong relationships - being a customer advocate.
- Analytical skills and ability to identify account expansion opportunities.
- Relationships management and problem-solving skills.
- Negotiation & Objection handling skills.
- Excellence in written and verbal English communication skills.

**Nice to have:**

- Experience with a CRM, PowerBI, MixMax systems.
- Experience with billing procedures.
- Experience with data analytics.

## Our Salary & Work Benefits Package:

- **Gross salary:** 2400 - 3600 EUR/month + bonuses. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competencies.
- To support your professional growth and make you feel taken care of, we’ve put together an expansive benefit package. It covers learning, well-being, celebration, and much more  — learn all about it [here](https://career.oxylabs.io/blog/our-work-benefits/).