<p>We are Datadog's in-house product experts. The Technical Solutions team enables Datadog's worldwide growth by educating potential clients and ensuring that existing customers are happy and successful. Premier Support Engineers (PSEs) are primarily focused on assisting prospects and customers with any technical questions about Datadog. PSEs engage with Datadog’s Premier Customers via standard technical support channels, but are also involved with cadence calls, demos/presentations, conferences, and various side projects. You will work directly with Datadog’s Premier Customer base, and will be immersed in a fast-paced environment where you will be challenged, but will also immediately witness your contributions to Datadog and to our customers.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Respond to client requests (phone / chat / tickets) on our fast paced team while continuing to educate our clients on the use of the platform</li>
<li>Develop relationships with our Premier Customers, working hand-in-hand to truly know their distinct environment</li>
<li>Reproduce issues and dive into the 600+ integrations that Datadog works with</li>
<li>Build out documentation and knowledge based articles for a variety of technology</li>
<li>Drive product conversations based on needs and problems learned during client interactions</li>
<li>Participate in routine health check meetings with Premier Customers</li>
<li>Work from a Datadog office 3 - 5 days per week&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced in multi-channel technical support at a SaaS company (2+ years of related experience)</li>
<li>A tinkerer with some programming experience and a basic knowledge of Linux</li>
<li>Self-motivated, detail-attentive, and have a desire for continuous learning&nbsp;</li>
<li>A critical thinker who defaults to a client-centric approach</li>
<li>A decision maker but know when the decision should be escalated</li>
<li>Have been in a Premium/Enterprise technical support role previously</li>
<li>Knowledgeable of current infrastructure and monitoring solutions and technologies</li>
<li>Able to work a rotating schedule that requires weekend availability&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Best-in-breed onboarding</li>
<li>Generous global benefits</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, able to join our Community Guilds and Inclusion Talks</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>