## About tonies:

<span style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);display:inline;">tonies is the globally leading interactive audio platform for children with more than 10 million Tonieboxes and 125 million Tonies sold. The intuitive and award-winning audio system has changed the way young children play and learn independently with its child-safe, wireless, and screen-free approach. Tonieboxes have been activated in over 100 countries, the content portfolio includes around 1,400 Tonies in several languages. Since its inception, tonies has achieved significant milestones, including listing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in November 2021 as well as a globally present team of over 550 dedicated professionals operating from various countries.</span><br style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);"><br style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);"><span style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);display:inline;">Joining our tonies team means being part of an inspiring mission to create innovative and meaningful experiences for children around the world. Together, we’re shaping the future of play, learning, and imagination.</span>

## You as part of tonies:

The Group Treasury is part of our CFO organization and a vital function within tonies®. The Treasury team is in close and frequent contact with our global teams across all divisions as well as our banking partners. We facilitate seamless global cash flows, mitigation of financial risks, reliable financial forecasting and a robust financing structure, ensuring tonies® always has the financial flexibility to continue its growth and bring joy to children worldwide.<br> <br>As <strong>Treasury Manager</strong> you will <strong>take</strong> <strong>full ownership of our day-to-day treasury operations</strong> and ensure that the group-wide treasury strategy is executed efficiently. You will report to the Group Treasurer and work closely with our global teams across the company and our external banking partners. In this position you will manage daily liquidity, execute risk mitigation strategies and champion continuous optimisations of the Group Treasury setup.

## Your tasks and responsibilities will include:

<ul><li><strong>Cash &amp; Liquidity Management:</strong> You are responsible for the diligent management of the daily cash and liquidity disbursement across the group, including the strategic placement of excess cash with banking partners</li><li><strong>Forecasting &amp; Planning:</strong> You ensure the frequent update and accuracy of the group-wide 12-week Cash Flow Forecast by actively reviewing and challenging data inputs from local finance teams</li><li><strong>Financial Risk Management:</strong> You independently analyze and mitigate interest rate and currency risks by placing FX and Interest Rate hedging instruments in accordance with our Treasury Policy and hedging objectives</li><li><strong>Banks &amp; External Stakeholder Management:</strong> You serve as the first key contact for banks, Payment Service Providers, and other external stakeholders, i.e. regarding the management of bank accounts, handling bank enquiries, and supporting on KYC matters</li><li><strong>Internal Representation:</strong> You act as the go-to person for internal departments (such as local Finance, global FP&amp;A teams and other non-finance stakeholders) for any day-to-day Treasury matters and act as a reliable backup to the Group Treasurer</li><li><strong>Transformation:</strong> You actively support and help drive strategic treasury transformation projects, exploring new technologies and continuously optimizing our group-wide treasury operations and systems</li></ul>

## What we are looking for:

<ul><li>3-5 years professional experience in Treasury, Corporate Banking or a related financial field</li><li>Hands-on experience in FX/IR hedging and/or cash and liquidity management</li><li>Experience in working with ERP systems (Business Central or SAP) and dedicated bank software is desirable, experience with a TMS is a plus</li><li>Outstanding analytical skills with a strong affinity for numbers, allowing you to quickly process complex financial data and inputs</li><li>Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, enabling you to build a strong internal network as a trusted partner, as well as develop excellent relationships with banks and industry peers</li><li>Full proficiency in German and English</li><li>Willingness to work on average 2-3 days per week from our office in Düsseldorf</li></ul>

## Why tonies?

<ul style="padding-left:2rem;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1rem;color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);"><li style="padding-bottom:8px;"><strong style="font-weight:bolder;">Global Teamwork: </strong>We collaborate across departmental and country borders on our vision to bring the Toniebox into every child's room in the world.</li><li style="padding-bottom:8px;"><strong style="font-weight:bolder;">Come as you are: </strong>This applies not only to the dress code but also to everything else. Because only where you truly feel comfortable can you give your best.</li><li style="padding-bottom:8px;"><strong style="font-weight:bolder;">Mobility: </strong>Choose the option that suits you best - a Deutschlandticket (public transport ticket) for unlimited mobility, a monthly contribution for an office parking space, a leasing bicycle, or a remote work subsidy.</li><li style="padding-bottom:8px;"><strong style="font-weight:bolder;">Enhanced Security: </strong>Benefit from subsidies for company pension plans, occupational pension schemes, and occupational disability insurance.</li><li style="padding-bottom:8px;"><strong style="font-weight:bolder;">Rest &amp; Time Off: </strong>Enjoy 30 days of paid annual leave as well as three additional days off such as Rosenmontag, Christmas Eve, and New Year's Eve. After one year of employment, you can also use up to 10 "toniecation days" (unpaid leave days).</li><li style="padding-bottom:8px;"><strong style="font-weight:bolder;">Continuous Learning: </strong>Benefit from our internal and external training opportunities as well as an individual learning budget to continuously expand your knowledge.</li><li style="padding-bottom:8px;"><strong style="font-weight:bolder;">Language Learning &amp; Relaxation: </strong>Improve your communication skills with the language learning app Babbel and find relaxation through our access to the meditation app Calm.</li><li style="padding-bottom:8px;"><strong style="font-weight:bolder;">Discounts: </strong>Benefit from attractive discounts on our entire range of tonies products.</li></ul>

## Good to know:

<span style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);display:inline;">As part of our principles, we are committed to supporting inclusion and diversity at tonies. We actively celebrate our colleagues’ different abilities, ethnicities, faith and gender. Everyone is welcome and supported in their development at all stages in their journey with us. </span><br style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);"><br style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);"><span style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);display:inline;">We look forward to hearing from you!</span><br style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);"><br style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);"><span style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);display:inline;">Lisa Weyers</span><br style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);"><span style="color:rgb(33,37,41);font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);display:inline;">Talent Acquisition Manager</span>