<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>The Auth0 Sales Team</strong></p>
<p>Auth0 supports Okta’s vision of freeing anyone to safely use any technology by providing a secure, highly available, enterprise-grade platform that secures billions of log-ins every year for Consumers and SaaS applications. This team in the UKI is growing exponentially with net new growth headcount being released to support the demand in the market.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Auth0 </strong><strong>Enterprise Account Executive Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>As an <strong>Auth0 Enterprise Account Executive</strong>, you'll play a pivotal role in expanding our footprint and driving significant revenue growth. You'll be instrumental in demonstrating the profound value of our platform to <strong>Application Development teams</strong>, including <strong>Engineering, Product, Security, and Architecture leaders</strong>. This isn't just about closing deals; it's about building lasting partnerships, identifying new opportunities, and nurturing existing customer relationships to ensure their continued success and expansion with Auth0.</p>
<h3>What You'll Do:</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Drive New Business Growth:</strong> Proactively generate and nurture top-of-funnel activity to create a robust pipeline of new customer opportunities.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Master the Sales Cycle:</strong> Execute every sales engagement with precision, leveraging a methodical and controlled sales approach to navigate complex deals.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Strategic Territory Management:</strong> Develop and execute comprehensive territory plans, demonstrating strong operational excellence and delivering accurate forecasts.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Engage Technical Audiences:</strong> Employ a sophisticated "bottom-up, top-down" strategy to effectively target and engage Developers, Engineering Leaders and other technical stakeholders.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Achieve and Exceed Targets:</strong> Skilfully scope, negotiate, and close agreements, consistently meeting and exceeding your revenue quota.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Cultivate Internal Partnerships:</strong> Build and foster strong, collaborative relationships within your Okta ecosystem, including SDRs, Pre-Sales, and Customer Success teams, to ensure seamless customer experiences.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Deliver Value-Driven Insights:</strong> Adopt a compelling, value-based sales approach, consistently bringing a unique and insightful point of view to every customer interaction.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Connect In-Person:</strong> Travel as needed to meet with customers, building stronger relationships and understanding their unique needs firsthand.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Proven Enterprise SaaS Sales Success:</strong> Demonstrable track record of successfully selling complex enterprise SaaS products to large organisations.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Technical Sales Acumen:</strong> Significant experience and comfort selling to highly technical customer profiles.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Executive Engagement:</strong> Ability to educate and create demand with C-level decision-makers, effectively articulating the business value of Auth0.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Hunter Mentality:</strong> Strong experience and a clear passion for acquiring and then expanding new logo accounts.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Complex Deal Navigation:</strong> Proven ability to navigate intricate sales cycles involving multiple stakeholders, both within the customer organisation and your internal ecosystem.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Technical Curiosity:</strong> A strong technical aptitude and an insatiable curiosity to continuously learn and understand new technologies.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Sales Framework Expertise:</strong> Demonstrated expertise in utilising a structured sales framework such as <strong>MEDDPICC, Challenger, or Sandler</strong>.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-JP3</p>
<p>P13706\_3392815</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>