<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p><span>Join our dynamic legal team and play a pivotal role in shaping the future of AI. We are seeking a </span><span>Legal Counsel who thrives in a collaborative, fast-paced environment and brings deep expertise </span><span>in technology-focused commercial agreements.</span><br><span>In this role, you will serve as a trusted business partner to cross-functional teams-including </span><span>product, sales, and engineering-while independently leading complex negotiations and </span><span>developing creative, pragmatic solutions to legal and commercial challenges. We value strategic </span><span>thinkers who approach problems holistically and balance risk management with enabling </span><span>business success.</span></p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)"><span>Draft, review, and negotiate a wide range of complex commercial IT agreements, </span><span>including SaaS, IaaS, and HWaaS contracts</span></span></span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)"><span>Lead contract negotiations independently with customers, vendors, and strategic partners</span></span></span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)"><span>Deliver practical, business-focused legal advice that enables the company to achieve its&nbsp;</span><span>strategic goals while effectively managing risk</span></span></span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)"><span>Structure and negotiate partnership and strategic collaboration agreements</span></span></span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)"><span>Partner with cross-functional teams, including sales, marketing, product, finance, and&nbsp;</span><span>operations, to drive business initiatives forward</span></span></span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)"><span>Translate complex legal concepts into clear, actionable guidance for non-legal&nbsp;</span><span>stakeholders</span></span></span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)"><span>Collaborate with internal teams to streamline deal execution and accelerate time-to-close</span></span></span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)"><span>Manage multiple priorities and deliver high-quality work under tight deadlines</span></span></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<div class="p-pdf\_iframe\_\_page" data-page-number="1">
<div class="textLayer" data-main-rotation="0">
<ul>
<li><span>6 years of experience in commercial law, with a focus on technology transactions</span></li>
<li><span>Minimum of 3 years of in-house experience at an international high-tech company</span></li>
<li><span>Law degree from a recognized university</span></li>
<li><span>Extensive hands-on experience with SaaS agreements; experience with IaaS and HWaaS </span><span>agreements is a strong plus</span></li>
<li><span>F</span><span>amiliarity with</span> <span>data</span> <span>privacy</span><span>,</span> <span>AI and consumer</span> <span>laws</span> <span>in a leading jurisdiction</span> <span>is a plus</span></li>
<li><span>Good technical understanding is</span> <span>preferred</span></li>
<li><span>Proven track record of independently negotiating complex commercial contracts and </span><span>collaborating with go-to-market teams (sales, business development, partnerships)</span></li>
<li><span>Experience with partnership or strategic collaboration agreements preferred</span></li>
<li><span>License to practice law in an EU country, the UK, or the US preferred</span></li>
<li><span>Strategic thinker with the ability to approach legal issues with a holistic, business-</span><span>oriented mindset</span></li>
<li><span>Creative problem-solver who develops pragmatic solutions to complex legal and </span><span>commercial challenges</span></li>
<li><span>Strong collaborator with excellent stakeholder management and interpersonal skills</span></li>
<li>Comfortable working in a dynamic environment with competing priorities and tight&nbsp;<span>deadlines</span></li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English</li>
<li>Intellectual curiosity and motivation to quickly learn complex technical products, <span>services, and commercial models</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>