**The world’s most advanced VPN, and a whole lot more.**

If you’re a curious problem-solver who carves their own path, join the team behind Threat Protection Pro, the NordLynx protocol, and the fastest VPN on the planet—tools that put privacy, security, and control back in people’s hands.

**Your impact?** Helping millions take back control of their online security, privacy, and data.

The Indirect Sales (Retail, Resell, Marketplaces) department generates revenue and powers our organization forward in global emerging markets. We keep up with the latest sales trends and technology, incorporate them into our daily work, and keep in touch with each other for better results.

## Main Responsibilities

- Reach out to potential global clients (CE Retail Chains, distributors, resellers) via internal database, email, networking, social media and other channels to discover new sales chances.
- Guide partners through the sales process, ensuring we meet our targets together.
- Create and deliver engaging presentations and demos to partners and clients, showcasing our products.
- Make sure clients have a seamless experience when they start using our products.
- Work with partners to customize sales solutions that fit their needs, using our products and partnerships.
- Keep an eye on key metrics and share insights to help us improve.
- Represent us at live meetings with business partners, events and conferences, with travel required.
- Collaborate with colleagues to achieve our goals and suggest ways to improve our processes.
- Gather feedback from partners and internal teams to help us improve our products and services.
- Be part of a team working on cutting-edge products that are changing the cybersecurity landscape.

## Core Requirements

- At least 5 years in B2B2C or B2B sales.
- Understanding of selling SaaS products and services.
- Proficiency in identifying potential opportunities, and proposing solutions to grow NordVPN, NordProtect & Saily business.
- Ability to quickly establish strong relationships and collaborate with partners.
- Track record of meeting or surpassing quarterly sales targets, contributing to overall sales growth.
- Great presentation, communication, and collaboration skills, crucial for regular meetings with business partners.
- Learning and Planning: Strong desire to learn, coupled with excellent planning skills.
- Language: Fluent in spoken and written English. Other languages would be an advantage.

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 3400 - 4700 EUR/Month + Bonus

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Fuel your active lifestyle with online workouts led by our Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*