<div class="content-intro"><p>Airtable is the no-code app platform that empowers people closest to the work to accelerate their most critical business processes. More than 500,000 organizations, including 80% of the Fortune 100, rely on Airtable to transform how work gets done.</p></div><div>
<p class="p1"><strong>Munich 3 days a week | hybrid&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p class="p1">Since landing in EMEA in 2022, Airtable has built a full go-to-market function in the region from our London office and is now accelerating its next phase of growth. We power some of the world's leading FTSE 100, CAC 40, and DAX 40 brands—and we’re just getting started. Our expansion this year includes launching a on-the-ground team in Germany and this is our remaining role as part of the landing team.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Each client has unique business needs and you will act as a trusted business advisor to understand their specific business pains and map them to Airtable solutions. You will work cross-functionally with our hybrid approach of Germany and London based team of BDRs, Solutions Consulting, Services, Customer Success, Partnerships and Marketing to generate pipeline, map out solutions and ensure long-term success for new and existing customers.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
</div>
<ul>
<li>Prospect, develop, manage sales pipeline and close customers onto our Airtable Platform through inbound and outbound efforts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build relationships with senior executives and decision makers across all industries.</li>
<li>Prioritize your book of business, develop and execute on account plans for each individual account, including identifying new opportunities, bridging use cases across departments, and building and climbing the org chart.</li>
<li>Source expansion opportunities in new departments, while telling a compelling wall to wall (multi-use case) story to the CIO (and other relevant executives) as an account gains momentum.</li>
<li>Own the full sales-cycle from lead to close.</li>
<li>Coordinate resources throughout the sales cycle, including legal, sales engineering, implementation specialists and leadership.</li>
<li>Educate and consult customers on the value of Airtable throughout the sales and adoption cycle.</li>
<li>Model a wide range of use cases in which Airtable can drive business transformation across different industries.</li>
<li>Prioritize opportunities and manage a high volume of inbound and outbound email efficiently.</li>
<li>Forecast performance against sales targets with a high degree of accuracy using a combination of bottoms up deal by deal commits and top down territory analysis.</li>
</ul>
<h1><strong>Who you are</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>Bilingual: Fluent in both English and German.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have 8+ years of quota carrying SaaS sales experience within a SaaS company selling software solutions into multiple industries.</li>
<li>3+ years selling into the Enterprise segment.</li>
<li>Track record of overachieving quota across 6-8 quarters, and at least 1-2 quarters of strong overachievement.</li>
<li>Experience selling to central buying/IT teams and managing stakeholders in Procurement and Legal. As well as, developing and deepening relationships with C-level, Exec and VP stakeholders.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to successfully and repeatedly close 6-figure ARR deals in a competitive market.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have strong prospecting, account planning, and experience selling into teams.</li>
<li>You have owned complex deals with named accounts&nbsp;<strong>(3K+ FTEs).&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>You thrive partnering with business leaders and executives, developing long term relationships and aligning key stakeholders company-wide at each stage of the sales lifecycle.</li>
<li>You are consultative and able to navigate the complexities and needs of clients across industries, size and lifecycles.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Airtable, we embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We strive for Airtable to be a pleasant and supportive place to work, and to attract and retain a diverse team of talented people.&nbsp; We take great pride in holding everyone accountable for treating each other with dignity and respect.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Airtable is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you have a medical condition or disability which inhibits your ability to complete any part of the application process, please complete our </span><a href="https://airtable.com/shrq13fCV8h1sx2t8"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Accommodations Request Form</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">and let us know how we may assist you.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-size: 8pt;">#LI-Remote</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtable’s collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fKEf0G59m8RT2ZaOJyxoqQ3kW3oUaxhZ/view" target="\_blank">here</a>.<br><br>For applicants that live in or have a link to Australia, please see this <a href="https://www.airtable.com/company/job-application-privacy-statement" target="\_blank">Privacy Collection Statement</a> for details regarding Airtable's collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process.</p>
<p>🔒 <strong>Stay Safe from Job Scams</strong><br>All official Airtable communication will come from an <strong>@airtable.com</strong> email address. We will never ask you to share sensitive information or purchase equipment during the hiring process. If in doubt, contact us at <a href="mailto:hr@airtable.com">hr@airtable.com</a>. Learn more about avoiding job scams <a href="https://consumer.ftc.gov/consumer-alerts/2022/05/want-work-home-spot-scams-first">here</a>.</p></div>