<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍London | 💰£80,000 - £90,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp;</p>
<p>⭐ <strong>Our Treasury team</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a high-impact, technically-minded <strong>Treasury FX Manager</strong> (UK) to lead the evolution of Monzo’s global FX strategy. This is not a traditional “click-and-trade” role; you will be the architectural bridge between Treasury, Data, Product and Engineering squads, building a highly scalable, automated execution environment.</p>
<p>You will oversee&nbsp; Treasury FX risk management and hedging strategies - including the in-housing of FX risks to unlock new revenue streams. As we scale, you will design a global multi-entity FX framework and drive efficient internal risk aggregation. Additionally, you will support the broader Treasury Markets squad with core structural hedging and liquidity investment management.</p>
<p><strong>🔑 You’ll play a key role by…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Designing and implementing</strong> an automated execution environment to optimise netting and minimise hedging costs</li>
<li><strong>Developing and maintaining</strong> relationships with external liquidity providers&nbsp; to drive efficient pricing and optimal liquidity</li>
<li><strong>Architecting data-driven FX hedging strategies</strong> in partnership with Data, Product and Engineering to unlock new revenue streams</li>
<li><strong>Taking ownership</strong> of the FX execution framework, proposing enhancements to policies, controls and systems</li>
<li><strong>Expanding Monzo’s global currency footprint</strong>, leading Treasury readiness for new markets and ensuring robust risk controls within a global multi-entity FX framework</li>
<li><strong>Optimising capital efficiency</strong> by managing FX exposure against internal limit while supporting FX product growth</li>
<li><strong>Partnering directly</strong> with <strong>Product</strong> squad on new FX product launches, and collaborating with <strong>Engineering and Data</strong> squads to enhance core internal FX capabilities</li>
<li><strong>Collaborating with stakeholders</strong> across finance, second &amp; third line defence to ensure safe and scalable growth</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if you have…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrable experience in a high paced, high-flow FX environment (whether at a bank, asset manager, broker or payment company), covering a broad range of currencies</li>
<li>Proven proficiency in executing and managing live exposure across spot, forwards, swaps, and NDFs</li>
<li>A future-focused mindset, with a strong interest in (or direct experience with) how blockchain and distributed ledger technology (DLT) are transforming traditional FX settlement and processes</li>
<li>Analytical rigour and forward thinking approach, including familiarity with large data analysis and proficiency in a coding language such as Python or SQL&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strategic communication skills, with a demonstrated ability to translate technical Treasury topics for Product and Engineering stakeholders</li>
<li>A proactive and forward-thinking approach to problem-solving within a rapidly scaling, multi-entity environment</li>
<li>An open and collaborative communication style, thriving in a cross-functional squad model</li>
<li>A relevant professional qualification (CFA is preferred)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰 £80,000 - £90,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance</p>
<p>📍This role is based in our London office, with a minimum of working 2 days per week from the office.&nbsp;</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.&nbsp;</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more! <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Read our full list of benefits</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Call with Recruiter (30 mins)</li>
<li>Video call with hiring manager (30 mins)</li>
<li>Technical video interview with hiring manager and treasury stakeholder (60 min)</li>
<li>Behavioural interview with finance stakeholders (45 min)</li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 3 - 4 weeks, your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo 🤖 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>You’ll hear from us throughout the application process, but if you’ve got any questions, please reach out to hiring@monzo.com. You can also use this email address to let us know if there’s anything we can do to make the process easier for you because of disability, neurodiversity or anything else.</p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.</p>
<div>
<p>#LI-NZ1</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>