<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p>At ZoomInfo we encourage creativity, value innovation, demand teamwork, expect accountability and cherish results. If you are collaborative, take initiative, and get stuff done we want to talk to you! We have high aspirations for the company and are looking for the right people to help fulfill the dream. We strive to continually improve every aspect of the company and use cutting-edge technologies and processes to delight our customers and rapidly increase revenues.</p>
<p><strong>Job Overview</strong></p>
<p>The Infrastructure Engineering group (IE) is responsible for innovation in infrastructure and automation for ZoomInfo Engineering. Our size, culture, and the support we receive from every area the company allow us unusual latitude and agility. We’re using that to build world class, multiprovider cloud infrastructures, based on the best technologies available, almost completely unhindered by design debt.</p>
<p>Staff in ZoomInfo Engineering are given autonomy and personal discretion in their work, and they get to see their work have a direct and tangible impact on the success of Engineering, and the company’s broader goals. If the idea of operating within an international team, in a fast paced work environment appeals to you, we want to hear from you.</p>
<p>A successful candidate will have a strong background in modern infrastructure, with a thorough understanding of industry best practices. They will have a high level of comfort participating in challenging technical discussions and advocating for best practices in a high-paced environment.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Summary of Essential Job Functions</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Thorough, clear, concise documentation of new and existing standards, procedures, and automated workflows</li>
<li>Championing of best practices and standards around infrastructure configuration and management</li>
<li>Experience in creating internal products and managing their software development lifecycle</li>
<li>Deployment, configuration, and management of infrastructure via infrastructure as code</li>
<li>Working hands on with cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, and GCP)</li>
<li>Working hands on with container infrastructure (Docker, Kubernetes, ECS, EKS, GKE, GAE, etc.)</li>
<li>Configuration and management of Linux based tools and third-party cloud services</li>
<li>Continuous improvement of our infrastructure, ensuring that it is highly available and observable</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Minimum Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Solid foundation of experience managing Linux systems in virtual environments (6+ years)</li>
<li>Deploying and maintaining highly available infrastructure in one or more Cloud providers (5+ years, AWS or GCP preferred)</li>
<li>Infrastructure as code using Terraform (4+ years)</li>
<li>Creating, deploying, maintaining, and troubleshooting Docker images (4+ years)</li>
<li>Scoping, deploying, maintaining and troubleshooting Kubernetes clusters (4+ years)</li>
<li>Developing and maintaining an active codebase in Go, Python preferably (3+ years)</li>
<li>Experience with PaaS technologies (5+ years, EKS and GKE preferred)</li>
<li>Maintaining monitoring and observability tools (Datadog, Prometheus preferred)</li>
<li>Thorough understanding of network infrastructure and concepts (VPNs, routers and routing protocols, TCP/IP, IPv4 and v6, UDP, OSI layers, etc.)</li>
<li>Experience with load balancing and proxy technologies (Istio, Nginx, HAProxy, Apache, Cloud load balancers, etc.)</li>
<li>Debugging and troubleshooting complex problems in cloud-native infrastructure.</li>
<li>Slack native mentality.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications, training, or work experience.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Abilities Required</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies quickly and independently</li>
<li>Strong technical, organizational and interpersonal skills</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Must be able to read, understand, and communicate complex problems and solutions in English over a textual medium (such as Slack)</li>
</ul>
<p><br>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>