<h3>JetBrains is a leading software vendor specializing in the creation of intelligent development tools, including IDEs and team tools used by millions of professionals around the world. The company is also renowned for developing the Kotlin programming language, Google's preferred language for Android development.</h3>
<h3>At JetBrains, our employees are deeply important to us. To help us care for them better, we’re looking for a proactive process owner to join our team in Cyprus. Despite working from different countries, our Relocation team stays connected, communicates openly, and meets up regularly at team gatherings.</h3>
<h3>In this role, you’ll take full ownership of relocation processes. We're looking for someone who thrives while working independently, spearheading improvements, and taking accountability for key decisions. You will be working in close cooperation with other Relocation Specialists and colleagues from other offices. This makes an eagerness to collaborate in an international team of professionals and actively contribute to the ongoing improvements of our global relocation project essential.</h3>
<h3>As part of our team, you will:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Be responsible for the full relocation cycle for both newly hired employees and existing employees and their family members moving between JetBrains offices.&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>Following established workflows, tracking all relocations in our project management software and HR systems, and continuously identifying opportunities to optimize relocation processes within the company.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Advising employees on our relocation policies and offering guidance about various aspects of their move to Cyprus until they have fully settled.</li>
<li>Coordinating each part of the relocation process in line with time and budget requirements.</li>
<li>Arranging temporary accommodation for employees and their families.</li>
<li>Welcoming relocated employees and supporting their onboarding and settling-in processes.</li>
<li>Providing relocation cost breakdowns and related taxation details for payroll.</li>
<li>Guiding employees through the tax benefit process and liaising with the external tax consultant.</li>
</ul>
<li>Act as a subject matter expert on immigration in Cyprus and stay up to date with changes in entry and residence regulations, for example, by:</li>
<ul>
<li>Being responsible for new employees who require migration support, even without relocation.</li>
<li>Preparing residence permit application documents for employees or coordinating the process with our immigration provider – tracking the residence permit status of relocated employees and handling extensions or renewals on time.</li>
<li>Scheduling necessary appointments, such as residence registration, for employees upon their arrival in Cyprus.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<li>Offer support for outbound relocations from Cyprus to other JetBrains offices when needed.</li>
<li>Contribute to local and global HR projects and initiatives.</li>
<li>Support the local HR team and collaborate with other departments as necessary.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3>We’d love to have you on our team if you have:</h3>
<ul>
<li>1–3 years of experience in relocation, with additional experience in HR operations, account management, customer support, or project management being a strong plus.</li>
<li>A combination of relevant education and professional experience, with personal relocation experience being a plus.</li>
<li>Solid knowledge of immigration processes and residence requirements in Cyprus.</li>
<li>Motivation to work with customizable project management software, such as JetBrains YouTrack, and an enthusiasm for actively contributing innovative ideas to improve processes.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A keen eye for detail and a hands-on approach to work.</li>
<li>Strong organizational and time-management skills.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and problem-solving abilities.</li>
<li>Fluency in English, with Greek language skills being a plus.</li>
<li>Eligibility to work in Cyprus.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-HYBRID</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-MH1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>