<p>MongoDB Technical Services Engineers use their exceptional problem solving and customer service skills, along with their deep technical experience, to advise customers and to solve their complex MongoDB problems. Technical Service Engineers are experts in the entire MongoDB ecosystem - database server, drivers, cloud and infrastructure. This also includes services such as Atlas (database as a service), or Cloud Manager (which helps customers with automation, backup and monitoring of their MongoDB systems). Our engineers combine their MongoDB expertise with passion, initiative, teamwork and a great sense of humor to help our customers to be successful with MongoDB.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are interested in working out of our Dublin office under our in-office working model Monday to Friday for the first 3-6 months depending on ramping speed.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Once considered ramped, they will transition to a permanent (Tuesday to Saturday) 9am-6pm work week (with 3 in-office days) to provide weekend coverage alongside other peers. Saturdays and Sundays are considered fully online workdays and not an on-call shift.</p>
<p>Due to the 24/7 nature of our support organization, certain events throughout the year will require volunteering for coverage outside one’s normal work days or work hours (i.e. regional offsites, regional holidays, etc). These are typically announced weeks in advance with a sign-up system that considers equitability.</p>
<h3>Cool things you’ll do</h3>
<p>You'll be working alongside our largest customers, solving their complex challenges - resolving questions on architecture, performance, recovery, security, and everything in between. You'll be an expert resource on best practices in running MongoDB at scale, whatever that scale may be. You'll be an advocate for customers' needs - interfacing with our product management and development teams on their behalf. And you'll contribute to internal projects, including software development of support tools for performance, benchmarking, and diagnostics.</p>
<h3>What you need</h3>
<p>We consider all candidates with an eye for those who are self-taught, insatiably curious, and multi-faceted.</p>
<h3>The ideal candidates should have strong technical experience in one (or more) of the following areas</h3>
<ul>
<li>Systems administration</li>
<li>Distributed systems</li>
<li>Network Administration</li>
<li>Database architecture and administration</li>
<li>Application Architecture</li>
<li>Data architecture and design</li>
<li>Performance tuning and benchmarking</li>
<li>Extra bonus points if you have experience in one or more of Java, Python, Ruby, C, C++, C#, Javascript, node.js, Go, PHP, or Perl</li>
</ul>
<p>If you have an operations background, we prefer experience administering large-scale production environments, including hardware, operating systems (e.g. Linux, Windows), networks (including firewalls and load balancers), as well as cloud-based resources (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform).</p>
<h3>It’s crucial for every candidate that they can check off all of these boxes</h3>
<ul>
<li>Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal</li>
<li>Genuine desire to help people</li>
<li>Uncontrollable urge to investigate and solve problems, with advanced diagnostic and troubleshooting skills</li>
<li>Ability to think on your feet, remain calm under pressure and solve problems in real-time</li>
<li>Desire and ability to rapidly learn a wide variety of new technical skills</li>
<li>Strong teamwork: willingness and ability to get help from team members when required, and the good judgment to know when to seek help</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Your non-negotiables should be your first couple of bullets and your nice to haves lower</em></p>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>REQ ID: 1273390465</em></p>