<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Cairo
</p>

Payrails is an innovative technology company with a team that has many years of experience in the payment industry and a real-life understanding of the merchants’ needs. We have seen the complexity firsthand and we have learned from all the challenges we've faced. Now we want to help leading technology companies around the world accept payments and build financial services with minimal upfront investments.<br><br>Our vision at Payrails is to reimagine payments. We do this by removing heavy reliance on Engineering efforts using composable building blocks that put the control firmly in the hands of our customers. We exist to help our customers become more productive and flexible, impacting directly on their ability to grow.<br><br>We are joined in our mission by top-tier clients&nbsp;<a href="https://a16z.com/portfolio/">Andreessen Horowitz</a>, <a href="https://www.hvcapital.com/companies">HV Capital</a>, <a href="https://eqtventures.com/">EQT</a> and&nbsp;<a href="https://www.generalcatalyst.com/">General Catalyst</a> alongside a great cast of knowledgeable angel investors to enable us to solve the growing complexity of payments.<br><br>At Payrails, we are committed to building a team full of the most talented people. Excellence is part of our values and we understand that in order to achieve this, we need to build an environment where skilled people can work openly, collaboratively, and with the utmost trust in one another. We believe people thrive the most when they are fully aware of what the business is trying to achieve, why it is important to the market, and what challenges lie in the way to reaching our goals. In such an environment we believe people can truly excel, grow and enjoy working together. We try hard to be a company where everyone is inspired and feels a sense of responsibility to do the right thing to help us bring our vision to life. Succeeding with us is about finding solutions to the most pressing problems and executing them effectively.Payrails is a dynamic workplace and our product team sits at the core of this landscape. Our mission is to drive a successful intersection between User Experience, Technology and Business. We do this by focusing on 3 main pillars:<br><ul><li>Continuously studying our customers and the problems they are facing</li><li>Making sure we build a product that is feasible and best-in-class</li><li>Ensuring our product-market fit is always top of mind</li></ul>Our Product team offers you the opportunity to work alongside a group of highly ambitious and knowledgeable Product Managers, while being faced with highly complex problems that affect customers on a global scale.<p>As a Senior Product Manager, Integrations you will drive the product strategy for our Third Party Integrations. You will be responsible for the end-to-end definition, scoping and development of the Payrails’ Third Party Integrations platform. You will own the roadmap, prioritization and setting of the technical vision for the team(s).</p><ul><li><p>You will work directly with Engineering, Data and Business teams as well as external partners to meet Payrails’ Third Party integrations development targets.</p></li><li><p>You will define and track success criteria and metrics to ensure product-market fit as well as constantly look for more efficient enhancing product performance.</p></li><li><p>You will lead multiple cross-functional initiatives across the entire product lifecycle, partnering with business stakeholders to fully understand the problems faced by our customers and devise the right solutions to tackle them.</p></li><li><p>You will be leading the scoping of initiatives at all levels from small improvements and bug fixes to large third party integrations.</p></li><li><p>This role requires a technical person with strong communication skills, who can bridge the information gap between Business and Engineering teams. It will be this person’s responsibility to translate business objectives into clear technical scope for product development.</p></li><li><p>You will be knowledgeable about the Payments market as well as Third Party Players across the Payments Value Chain.</p></li><li><p>You will be responsible for managing our Integrations Catalogue, which is the angular base for our customer facing products.</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>You have 5-7 years of experience in a product role, in a complex B2B technical environment.</p></li><li><p>You have +3 years of experience in Payments (across the value chain).&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Experience in Offline Payments/ SoftPos &nbsp;is a plus.</p></li><li><p>You have experience in working with API-first solutions within agile companies</p></li><li><p>You must be hands on and ready to go deep in the technical solutions to be implemented.</p></li><li><p>You have experience working with Jira, Postman, GitHub, Figma, Product Board</p></li><li><p>You have experience in managing technical projects through their whole lifecycle from scoping to go-to-market</p></li><li><p>You have a proven track record of managing complex initiatives with a strong emphasis on data, providing actionable insights, and tracking the success of those initiatives.</p></li><li><p>You are able to communicate complex problems in a simple and relevant manner at all levels.</p></li></ul><ul><li>You can truly create your own path by taking responsibility and implementing your own ideas</li><li>We offer visa and relocation support to you and your family where required</li><li>We offer a hybrid working environment</li><li>You have 27 annual vacation days + 1 day of paid birthday leave for you to have fun and party without any worries!</li><li>We get together regularly for team lunches and events</li><li>You help us shape the future of payments</li></ul><em>At Payrails, we prioritize a culture of inclusivity and diversity, evaluating candidates solely based on their skills and potential, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, disability status, or religion. We welcome applications from individuals of all backgrounds. In line with our commitment to fairness, we kindly request applicants to refrain from including personal details such as a picture, age, or marital status in their CVs. </em>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/payrails-senior-product-manager-integrations">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/payrails-senior-product-manager-integrations</a></p>