HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the Mable team.

**About Mable**

Mable is one of Australia's leading and fastest-growing healthtech platforms. As a purpose-driven company, we are where thousands of people with disability and older Australians have connected with independent support workers of their choosing and on terms that suit them.

With more than 25 million hours of support facilitated since 2014, it's no wonder we have been recognised on the AFR's Top 100, Deloitte Tech Fast 50, were previously awarded Australian Growth & Technology Growth Company of the Year.

By working at Mable, you will join a high productivity and dynamic team environment, leading to meaningful change in Australia's care and support sectors.

To find out more, visit <https://mable.com.au/>

**About the role**

As a Technical Trainer sitting across the Sales Team, you will play a crucial role in ensuring the continuous improvement across this team. You will be responsible for designing, developing, and delivering comprehensive training programs to equip our Sales Team with the skills and knowledge necessary to deliver exceptional customer experiences.

**Key Accountabilities**

## Training Program Development

- Design and develop training materials, modules, and curriculums for new hire training, ongoing skill development, and product/service updates.
- Ensure training programs are tailored to a sales environment, incorporating sales methodologies and sales techniques that build sales competencies and drive results.

## Training Delivery

- Facilitate engaging and interactive training sessions for our Sales Team in person and virtually to ensure comprehension and retention of key concepts.

## Performance Evaluation

- Define and monitor KPIs related to training impact, such as onboarding speed, increased sales performance, and improved adoption of tools or methodologies.
- Regular assessments and evaluations should be conducted to measure training programs' effectiveness and identify areas for improvement.

## Individual Coaching

- Provide one-on-one coaching and feedback to agents to address performance gaps and enhance skill development.

## Product and Process Knowledge

- Stay updated on company processes, services, policies, and procedures to ensure accurate and relevant training materials.
- Be the subject matter expert and key contributor for all knowledge base articles and adapt them to business and operational needs.

## Continuous Improvement

- Proactively identify opportunities to enhance training programs, methodologies, and delivery techniques based on industry best practices and stakeholder feedback.

## Documentation and Reporting

- Maintain accurate records of training activities, attendance, and performance metrics. Generate reports to track the progress and effectiveness of training initiatives.

## Skills, knowledge and experience

- Proven experience in contact centre operations and training within a sales environment ideally
- Strong communication and presentation skills, with the ability to effectively convey complex information to diverse audiences.
- Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to build rapport and trust with trainees and colleagues.
- Proficiency in instructional design principles and adult learning methodologies.
- Knowledge of contact centre technologies and customer relationship management (CRM) systems.
- Detail-oriented with strong organisational and time management skills.
- Ability to adapt to a fast-paced environment and manage multiple priorities simultaneously.

**We’re powered by purpose**

**We’re Switched On 💡**

We know our customers because we listen and want to learn. We engage within the community and the sector and always act on insights.

**We’re Bold 📣**

We’re ambitious and embrace creativity to solve challenges. We’re here to reshape the industry and back big ideas.

**We’re One 🤝**

We channel our passion into a positive environment. We welcome diversity and collaborate to make the most of our different skills and ways of thinking.

**We’re Impactful 🌟**

We work hard to deliver change. We innovate and move fast to make a difference in the sector and people’s lives.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!