<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><p>As an Enterprise Specialist on the Product Support team, you’ll partner closely with the Enterprise Support Manager to deliver and continuously improve our Enterprise Support experience. This team is responsible for supporting Figma’s most strategic customers, ensuring high-quality, reliable, and efficient support across complex use cases. You’ll play a key role in building trust with customers and collaborating with internal partners such as Sales, Product, and Engineering.</p>
<p>We're looking for a technical support expert experienced in working with Enterprise-level customers with an ability to understand and help with their unique needs. You will diagnose issues, determine solutions, and anticipate customer impact, serving as a customer advocate while working cross functionally to deliver an exceptional experience.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role will be based out of our Japan Hub.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do at Figma:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop expertise of Figma's products and the journey of our customers, from Product Designers to Account Administrators, to accurately diagnose sophisticated inquiries</li>
<li>Interact with Figma customers daily via email, taking ownership over cases from start to resolution</li>
<li>Partner closely with Sales teams to guide large scale organizations through complex workspace configurations, acting quickly to address technical issues and ensuring successful account setup</li>
<li>Operate as the voice of the customer, capturing both product and process gaps in the experience and presenting data-backed cases for new feature development and process automation</li>
<li>Act as designated point of contact for high-risk escalations and issues, proactively engaging the appropriate partners, and owning communication through to solution</li>
<li>Identify trends and communicate insights to our Product and Engineering teams to advocate for bug fixes, process improvements, and feature enhancements</li>
<li>Engage in pilot programs and experimentation to identify efficient approaches for delivering fast and personalized interactions to meet performance expectations and customer commitments</li>
<li>Recommend foundational tooling and processes in partnership with our Product Support Operations teams to ensure we are set up to scale</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We'd love to hear from you if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>3+ years’ experience working in a Support environment for a technical SaaS product, ideally supporting Enterprise customers</li>
<li>Experience troubleshooting SAML/SSO and SCIM configurations for large-scale organizations</li>
<li>Experience working with system administration for large end-user communities or guiding customers through complicated implementations</li>
<li>Experience in evaluating business impact of technical issues to drive cross functional alignment, prioritization, and timely resolutions</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>While not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Skilled in using tools such as Adobe XD, Sketch, and/or Framer and a passion for UX/UI development&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Familiarity with or willingness to learn AI concepts (e.g., prompt refinement, natural language tools, generative AI, machine learning basics)</li>
</ul>
<p>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<div class="section page-centered">
<div>
<div class="section page-centered">
<div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>