<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>To avoid the worst effects of climate change, most climate models agree the world will need to remove 5-10 billion tons of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere per year by 2050, in addition to dramatically reducing emissions. The Climate team’s goal is to get carbon removal on its best possible trajectory to increase the likelihood that the world builds the carbon removal capacity needed to reach these climate goals.</p>
<p>In 2021 we launched<a href="https://stripe.com/climate"> Stripe Climate</a> enabling merchants to direct a fraction of their revenue to help scale emerging carbon removal technologies in just a few clicks. In 2022 we launched <a href="https://frontierclimate.com/">Frontier</a>, an advance market commitment to buy $1B+ of permanent carbon removal by 2030. Still, carbon removal is in its early innings–to reach the volume of carbon removal the world needs, demand will have to be driven by governments. In 2023, we hired our first policy lead and in 2025 we funded 8&nbsp;<a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/fzn2n1nzq965/1a6RIn9WN8TndNkfilEVA8/b6866da7208af55212da23347e3cf470/Stripe\_Climate\_Fellows\_-\_Final.pdf">Stripe Climate Fellows</a> to seed ambitious policy ideas. In 2026, we are ramping up our focus on accelerating demand for carbon removal through policy around the world.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span>As Stripe's senior EU Market Development Lead, this person will set the vision for growing long-term carbon removal demand in the region and partner closely with NGOs and policymakers to help those policies materialize.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be responsible for:</p>
<ul>
<li>EU Market Demand (~40%): Dramatically growing the global market for CDR using a wide breadth of demand-side policy levers, including compliance market integration, tax credits, subsidies, and direct procurement. You will partner with the EU NGO ecosystem and oversee Stripe’s policy partners across the EU to both accelerate carbon removal’s eligibility within existing policies as well as generate new ideas (more <a href="https://nanransohoff.substack.com/p/quick-carbon-removal-demand-math">here</a>).&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>EU Offtake Demand (~40%): Securing a believable trajectory to long-term government demand for Frontier’s offtake portfolio (more <a href="https://frontierclimate.com/portfolio?track=offtake%20is">here</a>). You will lead location-specific advocacy efforts to help accelerate development and unlock demand for Frontier’s most promising carbon removal projects.</li>
<li>Global Demand (~20%): Leading new initiatives to unlock global demand. You will work closely with Stripe’s Policy Lead and Frontier’s scientific diligence team to vet market opportunities and grow voluntary and policy support in new regions (the Middle East, Australia, etc.).&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>This role requires someone with exceptional policy &amp; regulatory intuition, a track record of getting big things done fast, excellent judgment to make the ‘right’ recommendations, and the fearlessness and humility to help drive progress in a quickly-changing field.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Who you are</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>BA or BS degree</li>
<li>7-10+ years of relevant experience in policy, government, or regulatory affairs</li>
<li>A track record of generating and implementing ambitious policy initiatives</li>
<li>Extensive history of engaging with government officials, policymakers, and bureaucrats</li>
<li>Off-the-charts stakeholder management intuition&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent oral and written communication skills - especially adept at translating technical jargon into layman’s terms and summarizing complex concepts in a succinct manner</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<ul>
<li>Has a strong existing network of policymakers and NGOs in Europe</li>
<li>Has a deep understanding of policies surrounding climate and carbon markets and the landscape of carbon removal technologies&nbsp;</li>
<li>Has worked at the intersection of climate tech and policy</li>
<li>Is an exceptionally fast learner. Enjoys (and has experience) quickly ramping on new policy and technical topics</li>
<li>Is uniquely good at getting to the crux of an issue, and can quickly sort the signal from the noise</li>
<li>Is low ego, and has a proven track record for working well across teams and with external partners</li>
</ul>
<p>You must be based in Europe, preferably Brussels, or the UK.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>