<div class="content-intro"><h2>About Vercel:</h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">Vercel gives developers the tools and cloud infrastructure to build, scale, and secure a faster, more personalized web. As the team behind v0, Next.js, and AI SDK, Vercel helps customers like Ramp, Supreme, PayPal, and Under Armour build for the AI-native web.<br></span></p>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">Our mission is to enable the world to ship the best products. That starts with creating a place where everyone can do their best work. Whether you're building on our platform, supporting our customers, or shaping our story: You can just ship things.</span></p></div><h2><strong>About the Role:</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a keen and enthusiastic attorney based in London to join our small but mighty Legal team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will partner closely with Sales, Partnerships, Procurement, and other cross‑functional teams to negotiate commercial contracts with customers, vendors, and partners. In addition to managing a busy deal pipeline, you will use AI tools to help design and improve processes, playbooks, and programs that increase efficiency and deal velocity so the team can scale with company growth.&nbsp; Depending on need and interest, you may work on product development projects and other areas outside of Commercial Legal.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position reports to the Senior Director, Commercial Legal and will be based in London with a 3 day/week in-office requirement.</p>
<h2><strong>What You Will Do:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Serve as a primary Legal point of contact for go‑to‑market and procurement deals across EMEA, providing clear, practical advice to relevant teams</li>
<li>Independently manage and negotiate a variety of commercial agreements, including customer, vendor, partnership, and reseller agreements</li>
<li>Partner with cross‑functional teams to design and improve scalable contracting processes, playbooks, and tools that increase deal velocity</li>
<li>Draft, maintain, and iterate on agreement templates, playbooks, and fallback positions</li>
<li>Participate in and advise on Vercel regional expansion strategies in EMEA and beyond</li>
<li>Use AI tools to build and refine workflows and processes that help the team work more efficiently and consistently</li>
<li>Contribute to other Legal work as needed, which may include supporting commercial deals in APAC and AMER, or product, privacy, or security initiatives</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About You:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Qualified and in good standing in England and Wales</li>
<li>10+ years of legal experience, including 5+ years of in‑house commercial experience at a technology company (ideally AI, SaaS, PaaS, or IaaS)</li>
<li>Deeply familiar with GDPR and related privacy regulations and able to confidently discuss privacy issues with customers</li>
<li>Strong understanding of AI and cloud‑based services and the associated global regulatory landscape, with a willingness to dig deep into Vercel’s evolving product offerings</li>
<li>Demonstrated skill and experience with using AI to build tools, workflows, and processes</li>
<li>Excellent judgment, with strong risk‑assessment and mitigation skills and the ability to make pragmatic recommendations with imperfect information</li>
<li>Clear and concise communicator, able to explain complex issues in plain language to a wide range of stakeholders</li>
<li>Proven ability to confidently and independently negotiate technology agreements with enterprise customers and technology vendors</li>
<li>Strong prioritization and organization skills, with the ability to manage a high volume of fast‑moving workstreams and diverse stakeholders</li>
<li>Track record of building new or meaningfully improving existing programs or processes in a fast‑paced, high‑growth environment.</li>
<li>Collaborative and low‑ego team member, willing to roll up your sleeves and take on work of varying scope and visibility</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with a proven track record of building new or improving existing programs or processes at other high-growth companies</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus if you have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Used Vercel’s products and services</li>
<li>Experience supporting channel and reseller partnerships</li>
<li>Fluency in other languages</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits:</h2>
<p>Benefits will be confirmed in your offer, but will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation package, including equity.</li>
<li>Inclusive Healthcare Package.</li>
<li>Learn and Grow - we provide mentorship and send you to events that help you build your network and skills.</li>
<li>Flexible Time Off.</li>
<li>We will provide you the gear you need to do your role, and a WFH budget for you to outfit your space as needed.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you’re excited about this role but do not meet every requirement, we encourage you to apply. We are always interested in speaking with talented people who can grow with the team.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">The London, England base pay range for this role is 120,000 - 135,000 GBP. Actual salary will be based on job-related skills, experience, and location. The total compensation package may include benefits, equity-based compensation, and eligibility for a company bonus or variable pay program depending on the role. Your recruiter can share more details during the hiring process.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>Vercel is committed to fostering and empowering an inclusive community within our organization. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Vercel encourages everyone to apply for our available positions, even if they don't necessarily check every box on the job description.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div>