**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest growing scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

\*\*🎯 What you will do :\*\*

Our success story is based on a unique customer-centric culture, an innovative product and excellence of our teams.

As a Sales Developer at AGICAP, your role will be to replicate this success story and manage operations, develop business and increase profitability for our company in Spain.

• Very sales oriented, your mission involves engaging qualified prospects, demoing the AGICAP solution, providing technical assistance and negotiating contracts (remotely by phone).

• Get to be an expert on AGICAP

• Drive rapid growth of lead generation through outbound prospecting

• Identify the pain points of your prospects

• Position and articulate the AGICAP value proposition to SMBs

• Be responsible for the entire sales funnel

• Close new deals

• Be the eyes and ears of AGICAP on the Spanish market - giving valuable feedback to Product team, Sales and Marketing team

• Report your performance

You will become familiar with our business and get to know everything about the way we sell and support our customers. Your onboarding (1 month) will be very complete. It will also be an opportunity for you to be part of the Agicap tribe.

🎯 Here is the commercial value chain :

1/ Marketing Team : in charge of the prospect lead generation - Outbound lead gen : with growth engineers and growth managers - Online Acquisition : SEO/SEA, paid acquisition, Content Marketing - Product Marketing Management - Communication, Partnerships : press relation, webinars, branding, video production, community management.

2/ SDR qualifies leads every week. During the first phone call, they identify the prospect needs. They do not present the solution but rather understand how the company manages its cash flow monitoring, identifying needs, decision-makers and existing tensions on cash flow. They plan phone call meetings (software demonstrations) with the right decision-maker.

3/ Account Executives take over and demonstrate the software to answer the pain already identified (by phone, without video call). They sell the solution and activate the subscription. Lead qualification is therefore a major issue in our sales practices.

4/ As soon as there is a subscription, the Customer Success team manages the onboarding, the training of new users. The CS team also manages support and account management.

## ⭐ What we are looking for :

- **Fluent/Native Spanish speaker** with a full professional proficiency in English
- 0-2 years of experience
- Sales experience in SaaS environment targeting SMBs is a bonus
- Creative and consultative selling approach with advanced closing skills
- Competitive and driven to achieve goals, **you are a “Hunter” and a “Do-er”**
- Strong rigor and organization, ability to manage tightly, over time, a large quantity of information
- Enthusiasm and team spirit

## 🎁 What we offer :

- Perfect moment in terms of growth and opportunities to join our adventure
- Competitive salary
- Fast learning environment, entrepreneurship and team spirit
- An incredible team of entrepreneurs

Si todo lo comentado te encaja y crees que tu perfil cumple todos los requisitos, dale al click y apúntate en esta oferta.

¡Esperamos que esto te haya ayudado a saber lo que realmente hace falta para ser un verdadero AGICAPIAN!

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!