<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Canada
</p>

<p><strong>THIS IS AN UNPAID VOLUNTEERING ROLE.</strong></p><p><strong>Role Title: Technology Officers (Data Scientists/DevOps/Full Stack)</strong></p><p><strong>Role Nature: Volunteer</strong></p><p><strong>Location: Home-based</strong></p><p>The Blockchain &amp; Climate Institute (BCI) is an international volunteers-led think tank supporting and advocating the application of blockchain and other data technologies in the global fight against climate change.</p><p><strong>What will you be doing?</strong></p><p>We are looking for passionate <strong>VOLUNTEERS</strong> who take a methodological approach to their work, conducts independent research and analysis, engage with key stakeholders, and establish strategic partnerships to progress the BCI’s core mission.</p><p><strong>As with all roles in BCI, this role is a voluntary unpaid role.</strong></p><p>The technical roles considered will aim to support end-to-end projects, from the start this will involve business or domain knowledge understanding (e.g. finance, energy, forestry, etc) until a fully data-driven pipeline that delivers valuable insights. This entire pipeline can include (among others): “Data Scientists” developing machine learning and other statistical models, “Data Engineers” performing ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) and other data wrangling tasks, “DevOps” supporting the entire hybrid IT Infrastructure (e.g. cloud, on-premise) and “Full Stack Developers” supporting front end and back of Apps (e.g. Web, Mobile, APIs, etc). </p><p>The amazing opportunity provided by this role will help the successful candidate improve their skills in a wide range of cutting-edge technologies while helping to support a good cause. Technology Officers will be appointed to a specific technical role (e.g. Data Scientist, DevOps, etc) or could be general in order to accommodate their personal interests and future career development. These roles will work extensively with other roles within BCI to support technical projects that could involve a wide range of Data Technologies, not just Distributed Ledgers (e.g. Blockchains, Directed Acyclic graphs) but also Artificial Intelligence, the Internet of Things, etc.</p><p>In the Technology Officer Grade, volunteers with more experience may be appointed as Principal or Senior Technology Officer.</p><p></p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><p></p><ul> <li>To provide technical support for members of working groups in areas such as renewable energy, carbon trading, forest monitoring, natural resource management, blockchain technology, artificial intelligence, etc.</li> <li>To generate opportunities for strategic partnerships;</li> <li>To attend conferences and events to promote the BCI, communicate research findings and insights via Powerpoint decks, and engage with key stakeholders.</li> </ul> <p></p><p><strong>Skills &amp; Abilities</strong></p><p></p><ul> <li>Excellent oral communication skills, including the ability to develop effective working relationships, work flexibly across professional and operational boundaries, and communicate professionally with internal and external stakeholders at all levels;</li> <li>Excellent organizational skills and ability to balance competing demands under pressure;</li> <li>Strong technical skills (e.g. math and coding skills) and detail-orientated;</li> <li>Strong presentation skills and ability to present ideas appropriately and persuasively;</li> <li>Sense of mission and willingness to learn not just about technology but also about all other aspects that could be necessary to learn in order to deliver impactful climate actions; </li> <li>Aptitude in Arabic, Chinese, French, Russian, or Spanish (desirable).</li> </ul><p></p><p><strong>General &amp;Specialist Knowledge</strong></p><p></p><ul> <li>Proficiency in one or more programming languages (e.g. Python, Java/C#, JavaScript, R, Scala, Go, etc); </li> <li>Strong knowledge or interest in topics central to the BCI such as climate change, climate finance, blockchain technology, and artificial intelligence preferred.</li> </ul><p></p><p><strong>Education &amp; Training</strong></p><p></p><ul> <li>A relevant degree or training in a relevant discipline is preferred; </li> <li>Experience in software development or other technical aspects of data-driven systems.</li> </ul><p></p><p><strong>Relevant Experience</strong></p><p></p><ul> <li>Proven ability in computing or math-related tasks of Agile technology projects;</li> <li>A portfolio of supported Open Source GitHub projects (desirable);</li> <li>Experience in building constructive relationships with stakeholders;</li> <li>Experience in working independently and with teams to drive forward projects using own initiative; </li> <li>Experience in designing, planning, and facilitating independent research and the ability to meet tight deadlines.</li> </ul> <p><strong>What difference will you make?</strong></p><p>Blockchain and other emerging technologies. Climate change and sustainability. These are two hot topic groups that have been headlining media outlets, dominating conferences &amp; events, and gaining increasing traction in research and pilot projects. </p><p>BCI is here as an expert platform to help governments, inter-governmental and regional organizations as well as relevant corporates to negotiate the complex landscape of emerging technologies for environmental good. We cement our expertise by putting in the hard work in researching, identifying, and analyzing the applications of emerging technologies so that informed decisions can be made by the stakeholders in the climate change and action network. </p><p><strong>Benefits you will get from volunteering with BCI are enormous and some include:</strong></p><ul> <li>You will hone or learn new skills including research, presentation, writing, professional etiquette,</li> <li>Your mind will be mentally stimulated, hence providing you with a sense of purpose;</li> <li>You will advance and boost your professional career by helping you to make professional connections and giving you real-world experience at the intersection between climate and emerging technologies; and</li> <li>Help you develop long-lasting professional relationships with others. People who come together to make the world a better place forge a close connection.</li> </ul><p><strong>Selection Process</strong></p><p>As a voluntary organization, we are pleased to open the door for candidates who may not have the prior experience they need to start, progress, or switch their careers. To recruit the most suitable, talented, or potential new members out of the volume of applications received, it is the BCI’s policy to also consider inexperienced candidates to fill our voluntary unpaid roles as long as they can demonstrate the skills required in the written assessment. In the selection process, most candidates will be invited to complete the following assessment.</p><p>Section A: Verbal and Numerical Reasoning (20 multiple-choice questions)</p><p>Section B: Situation Judgement Test (20 multiple-choice questions)</p><p>Section C: In-Tray Exercise (An open-ended assessment relevant to the duties of the role)</p><p>Candidates who pass all three sections will be invited to attend a phone screening, first interview, and final interview online.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/blockchain-climate-institute-bci-america-inc-unpaid-volunteer-technology-officers-data-scientists-devops-full-stack-1">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/blockchain-climate-institute-bci-america-inc-unpaid-volunteer-technology-officers-data-scientists-devops-full-stack-1</a></p>