<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>As an Auth0 Solutions Engineer you have a background in Development and are passionate about Customer Identity. In this role, you will be a technical expert who can engage with our customers to help them address their identity management challenges, driving a clear technical preference for Okta's Auth0 offering.</p>
<p>You will be part of a team of Solution Engineers, supporting the German region. You will give product demonstrations, help customers understand the product, and educate customers (everyone from developers to product managers to C-level executives) on the best ways to use cloud security technology.&nbsp;</p>
<p>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Deliver interactive presentations and solution demonstrations to all levels of an organization</li>
<li>Whiteboard solutions, modeling how Okta's Auth0 product will support their current architecture requirements and use cases</li>
<li>Lead Q&amp;A sessions with prospective customers to understand their requirements</li>
<li>Execute well-defined, outcome-focused PoCs and PoVs</li>
<li>Collaborate with account executives to develop and execute territory and account strategies to maximize the Okta opportunity in those accounts</li>
<li>Maintain a broad and deep technical understanding of the Auth0 product line and the underlying technologies and protocols</li>
<li>Stay current on industry trends through self-study, research, and online courses</li>
<li>Proactive engagement in local and regional sales and marketing events</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in English and German</li>
<li>Software Engineering or Development experience, and a desire to become more customer facing</li>
<li>Understand what’s relevant in order to design and implement reliable, scalable, high performing Web based solutions</li>
<li>Knowledge of Authentication and Authorisation protocols and frameworks such as SAML, OIDC and OAuth&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working with REST APIs and SDKs</li>
<li>An ability to communicate very effectively with the technical and non technical audience</li>
<li>Comfort working with cloud based source control systems such as GitHub and Bitbucket</li>
<li>Development experience on the server side as well as client side application design</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following!&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in a Pre-Sales role as Sales Engineer or Solutions Engineer</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>An understanding of cloud deployments stacks such as AWS, Azure and GCP</li>
<li>Experience in developing mobile applications (using React Native/Ionic/Xamarin) and understanding the identity layer integration involving devices is a huge plus</li>
<li>Experience speaking at technical conferences and events</li>
<li>Have experience working with Okta and/or Auth0</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Remote</p>
<p>#LI-JP3</p>
<p>P15260\_3336594</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span data-sheets-root="1">Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in Germany. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and comprehensive financial benefits including paid time off and parental leave in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https://rewards.okta.com/deu.<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The OTE range for this position for candidates located in Germany is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€122.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€134.000 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>