<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Anthropic</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.</p></div><h2 class="heading">About the Role</h2>
<p>As a member of the National Security Policy team at Anthropic, you will work directly with our most strategic national security customers and partners to drive transformational AI adoption. You will leverage your technical skills to architect innovative solutions that address our customers' business needs, meet their technical requirements, and provide a high degree of reliability and safety.</p>
<p>In collaboration with the Sales, Product, Research, and Engineering teams, you’ll help national security partners develop strategies and implementation plans to integrate leading-edge AI systems into their mission. You will employ your excellent communication skills to explain and demonstrate complex solutions persuasively to technical and non-technical audiences alike. You also will play a critical role in identifying opportunities to innovate and differentiate our AI systems, while maintaining our best-in-class safety standards. We expect our team members to operate autonomously, thrive under ambiguity, and represent Anthropic at the highest level in customer environments.&nbsp;</p>
<h2 class="heading">Core Responsibilities:</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Act as a primary technical advisor for senior government leaders and prospective National Security customers evaluating Claude. Demonstrate how Claude can support U.S. and democratic allies’ national security operations and address customer use cases through proofs of concept. Provide technical guidance on integration, deployment, and adoption best practices.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Partner closely with the policy team and sales account executives to understand customer requirements. Develop customized pilots and prototypes, as well as evaluation suites to make the case for customer adoption.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Drive technical decision making by partnering on optimal setup, architecture, and integration of Claude into the customer's existing infrastructure. Demonstrate solutions to technical roadblocks.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Act as the voice of our customers and a key collaborator with our Product and Research teams to ensure we are delivering critical capabilities to the National Security community.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Travel to customer sites for senior leader meetings, AI implementation, technical enablement, and building relationships.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Establish a shared vision for creating solutions that enable beneficial and safe AI</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Lead the vision, strategy, and execution of innovative solutions that leverage our latest models’ capabilities.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 class="heading">You may be a good fit if you have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Active TS/SCI security clearance (required)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>2+ years of experience as a Customer Engineer, Forward Deployed Engineer, Sales Engineer, Solutions Architect, or Platform Engineer within the National Security space</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Exceptional ability to build relationships with and communicate technical concepts to diverse stakeholders to include senior&nbsp; executives, engineering &amp; IT teams, and more</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience in the defense, technology, or cybersecurity industries</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience designing novel and innovative solutions for technical platforms in a developing mission area</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong technical aptitude to partner with engineers and strong proficiency in at least one programming language (Python preferred)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understanding of and experience with LLM fundamentals</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The ability to navigate and execute amidst ambiguity, and to flex into different domains based on the business problem at hand, finding simple, easy-to-understand solutions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Excitement for engaging in cross-organizational collaboration, working through trade-offs, and balancing competing priorities</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A love of teaching, mentoring, and helping others succeed</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, able to convey complicated topics in easily understandable terms to a diverse set of external and internal stakeholders. You enjoy engaging in cross-organizational collaboration, working through trade-offs, and balancing competing priorities</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Passion for thinking creatively about how to use technology in a way that is safe and beneficial, and ultimately furthers the goal of advancing safe AI systems</p>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>The annual compensation range for this role is listed below.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role.</p></div><div class="title">Annual Salary:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$270,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$345,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Logistics</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Minimum education: </strong>Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience</p>
<p><strong>Required field of study:&nbsp;</strong>A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience</p>
<p><strong>Minimum years of experience: </strong>Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position</p>
<p><strong>Location-based hybrid policy:</strong> Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Visa sponsorship:</strong>&nbsp;We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.</p>
<p><strong>We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.</strong> Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.&nbsp; Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.<br><br><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Your safety matters to us.</strong> To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from&nbsp;@anthropic.com&nbsp;email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit&nbsp;<u data-stringify-type="underline"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="http://anthropic.com/careers" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://anthropic.com/careers" data-sk="tooltip\_parent" data-remove-tab-index="true">anthropic.com/careers</a></u>&nbsp;directly for confirmed position openings.</p>
<h2><strong>How we're different</strong></h2>
<p>We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.</p>
<p>The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI &amp; Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.</p>
<h2><strong>Come work with us!</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. <strong data-stringify-type="bold">Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:</strong>&nbsp;Learn about&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">our policy</a>&nbsp;for using AI in our application process</p></div>