**Who is Sonar?**

Sonar is driving the future of agent-centric software development. As the leader in AI code review and verification, we solve a critical problem: ensuring that software generated by AI-assisted developers or autonomous agents is reliable, secure, and maintainable.

Integrating seamlessly with Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, GitHub Copilot, Gemini, and Devin, we help over 75% of the Fortune 100 build trusted, reliable, compliant software. Customers who use Sonar are 44% less likely to report an outage due to AI-generated code.

We believe code verification is the critical missing link in the Agent-Centric Development Cycle (AC/DC). Industry giants like Nvidia, ServiceNow,Booking.com, Goldman Sachs, AstraZeneca, and Ford Motor Company.count on us to provide independent, explainable, consistent review and governance of their AI-generated code via products like:

* SonarQube: The world’s leading AI code review and verification platform.
* SonarQube Foundation Agent: Currently topping the leaderboards for agentic software repair.
* SonarSweep & Sonar Context Augmentation: Providing the enterprise-grade context and constraints agents need to be truly effective.

Our team operates across global hubs in Austin, Bochum, Dubai, Geneva, London, Singapore, Tokyo, and Washington D.C. We move with a mindset we call CODE:

* Committed to our customers and community.
* Obsessed with quality.
* Deliberate in our decisions.
* Effective as one team.

With over $400M in revenue and profitable, fast-paced growth, we are building the backbone of the AI software revolution. If you’re hungry to have an impact, want to build at a fast pace, and ready to work at the forefront of AI, we want to hear from you.

**The impact you will have**

Utilize your proven sales skills to prospect into your territory, identify customers’ buying circle and economic buyers, highlight product value, drive adoption, and significantly expand our customer base. Engage with developers, decision-makers, and procurement in diverse industries and company sizes. Seize this opportunity to directly influence the direction and processes of our Sales Team and organization as we grow. This is your chance to drive sales success and impact our upward trajectory!

## What You Will Do Daily:

- Generate new leads and opportunities within an assigned territory, leading to closing business enabling you to exceed your revenue targets quarterly and yearly.
- Manage prospecting sales efforts to target key accounts and work with the channel partners to generate a pipeline in your territory.
- Use multi-channel strategy to engage with your prospects (Linked-In, email, videos, cold calls, meetings, etc.) and execute them to convert identified prospects into new logos.
- Take ownership of your book of business: document the buying criteria, the buying process, the next steps and owners, and ensure pipeline accuracy based on evidence.
- Size and quote customer software license needs.
- Interact with prospects over phone, email, video conference, and on-site meetings when necessary.
- Support marketing efforts with account-based customer-focused marketing campaigns.
- Proactively engage in building, growing, and sharing sales team best practices.
- Accurately capture and report all aspects of account and opportunity information within the SFDC platform.
- Utilize Salesforce.com to set daily activity and accurately forecast opportunity pipeline.

## The Experience You Will Need:

- Proven successful 7+ years of experience in a B2B sales role, ideally in a SaaS or subscription model.
- French language skills
- Focus on building and managing customer relationships.
- Experience selling a technical product to a technical buyer.
- Proven expertise in territory planning and prospecting, using various channels and tools for prospecting, such as Zoominfo, SalesLoft, LinkedIn, calling, and networking.
- Expertise in navigating and growing a pipeline in prospect accounts and taking a deal from Lead Qualification to Closed Won.
- Familiarity in supporting and selling to large enterprise customers and managing and negotiating  (> 50k USD) enterprise deals.
- Ability to drive the sales process effectively through phone calls, emails, and virtual and on-site meetings.
- Proficiency in communicating with executive-level contacts and delivering value messages based on the persona you are engaging with (bottom/up and top/down approach)
- Salesforce.com expertise; you know it and can’t imagine sales without it.
- Customer-Centric focus; We Want Happy Customers.
- Written and spoken English at a professional level.

**We value diversity, equity, and inclusion**

At Sonar, we believe that our diversity is our strength. We are a global company that values and respects different backgrounds, perspectives, and cultures. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment where everyone feels valued and empowered to contribute their best. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and welcome all qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.

If you need any accommodation, please reach out to us at [hiring@sonarsource.com](mailto:hiring@sonarsource.com). 

All offers of employment at Sonar are contingent upon the results of a comprehensive background check and reference verification conducted before the start date. 

We do not currently support visa candidates in the US. 

Applications that are submitted through agencies or third party recruiters will not be considered.