<p>At MongoDB, we recognize that an inclusive workforce is the best way to broaden our perspectives, foster innovation, and enable a sustainable competitive advantage. Our ‘Women in Tech Summit’ is a virtual early identification opportunity for students who are passionate about exploring a career in Tech. All students are welcome to apply.</p>
<p>The Summit application process leads to an interactive day of learning and culminates with the chance to interview for our Summer 2027 internships. During the Summit, attendees will connect with MongoDB employees from across the company, dive into our culture, and explore our Early Talent Programs.</p>
<p>We are excited to offer two distinct tracks tailored to your career aspirations:</p>
<ul>
<li>The Developer track is for the bold creators and problem-solvers who are passionate about hands-on software engineering. Focusing on students studying Computer Science or related fields, this track offers a deep dive into the life of a builder. Whether you are interested in shipping high-impact, customer-facing products, optimizing low-level systems, developing internal tools for our global workforce, or architecting complex data engineering pipelines. If you enjoy solving complex challenges through code and want to see your work drive the world’s leading developer data platform, this track is for you.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The Technology+ track is built for technical visionaries who want to apply their skills in specialized domains outside of software engineering. This track explores how technical expertise drives massive impact at the high-stakes intersection of technology and strategy. It is designed for students interested in roles such as Product Management, Technical Writing, Security, and Curriculum Engineering. If you are a technical thinker who enjoys solving the "big picture" puzzles—from securing our ecosystem and analyzing data trends to defining product vision and documenting complex systems—Technology+ offers a pathway to a high-impact innovation at MongoDB.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Selecting a track helps us understand your career interests and aspirations, but the core Summit experience will be consistent for all attendees. Regardless of track, you’ll participate in the same overall program, with sessions and conversations tailored to your personal career goals.</p>
<p><strong>Developer Track</strong></p>
<p>What is the process?</p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Apply to the Summit</li>
<ul>
<li>Choose Developer Track in the application questions&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<li>Complete and pass our Recruiter Phone Screen interview</li>
<li>Complete and pass our Karat Technical Video interview</li>
<li>Attend our virtual Summit on May 21st, 2026&nbsp;</li>
<li>Complete our final round interview in early Fall for a summer 2027 software engineering internship role</li>
<ul>
<li>3 back to back video interviews with MongoDB engineers to evaluate your technical and behavioral skills</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>What we are looking for in you:</p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>In the second year of receiving a Bachelor’s or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field (Graduating between December 2027 and early Summer 2029)</li>
<li>Knowledge in any one of the following programming languages: Java, Python, Go, C++ - or a comparable object-oriented programming language</li>
<li>Must be authorized to work in Ireland and provide the Company with copies of all relevant documents, if requested.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Technology+ Track</strong></p>
<p>What is the process?</p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Apply to the Summit</li>
<ul>
<li>Choose Technology+ in the application questions and specify up to 3 roles you are interested in pursuing&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<li>Complete and pass our Recruiter Phone Screen interview</li>
<li>Attend our virtual Summit on May 21st, 2026&nbsp;</li>
<li>Complete the rest of the interview process in early Fall - early Winter for a Summer 2027 internship role</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>What we are looking for in you:</p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>In the second year of receiving a Bachelor’s or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Business Administration, Information Security, Information Systems, and related fields (Graduating between December 2027 and early Summer 2028)</li>
<li>Ability to simplify complex technical concepts and interest in the intersection between business and technology&nbsp;</li>
<li>Analytical skills within research, data analysis, reporting, and storytelling&nbsp;</li>
<li>Project, program and/or product management skills</li>
<li>Must be authorized to work in Ireland and provide the Company with copies of all relevant documents, if requested.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.<br><br>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.<br><br>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB. <br><br>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture">Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!<br><br>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your Early Talent Recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 426093</em></p>