<p><strong>Hong Kong Insight Day</strong></p>
<p>What do you want the start of your career to look like? Do you seek an introduction to the world of business and exposure to a wide variety of industries? A role offering autonomy and measurable personal impact from day 1? A clear path towards leading your own team and managing blue-chip client relationships in two years’ time?</p>
<p>AlphaSights is comprised of ambitious professionals committed to accelerating progress for our clients and helping them make more informed decisions.&nbsp;<br><br>We are excited to host this event. You’ll understand more about our business, the associate role and the culture which makes us outstanding.</p>
<p><strong>Event Details:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Date &amp; Time:&nbsp;</strong>May 28, 4:30 PM - 6:00 PM HKT (online)</li>
<li><strong>Content:</strong>
<ul>
<li>Introduction to the Knowledge on Demand business</li>
<li>Life as an Associate in a high-growth company</li>
<li>Business case cracking workshop</li>
<li>Q&amp;A</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>0-2 years work experience</li>
<li>Fluency in English is essential; other Asian languages is a plus</li>
<li>A natural curiosity and an ambition to expand your horizons</li>
<li>Full participation in the event</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*Please kindly note that we will reach out to you for a preliminary phone call if we find your application suitable.</em></p>
<p><strong>About AlphaSights</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights was born with a purpose: to unlock human knowledge to power success. From our state-of-the-art offices in nine major world cities, we connect business leaders seeking knowledge with the experts who possess it. We’re one of the fastest-growing global companies, employing 1500+ colleagues of 60+ nationalities.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>