<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>Role Overview</strong></p>
<p>Nebius is seeking a talented <strong>Senior</strong> <strong>Legal Counsel </strong>to join our dynamic legal team. In this role, you will support Nebius’ expanding operations across EMEA. You will work closely with our business development teams supporting global investment and M&amp;A transactions, and in addition you will be handling other IL and MEA matters. All to support our fast global growth.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Draft, review advice and negotiate asset purchase agreements, investment transactions and mergers and acquisitions</li>
<li>Draft, review advice and negotiate SaaS, Paas and IaaS/HaaS agreements</li>
<li>Draft, review, advise, negotiate and manage a broad range of commercial agreements</li>
<li>Draft, review, advise, negotiate on some labor related matters independently or with the aid of external counsels</li>
<li>Coordinate and manage external counsel to ensure cost-effective, high-quality legal support</li>
<li>Monitor specific regulatory developments affecting Nebius’ activities</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to optimize processes and risk management</li>
<li>Hands-on, diligent, and solution-oriented</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Key Qualifications &amp; Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>License to practice law in Israel and/or the US</li>
<li>At about 7 years of relevant experience as a senior associate in a top-tier law firm or as an in-house legal counsel</li>
<li>B from a top tier university</li>
<li>Proven experience in the legal work on APAs, M&amp;A transactions and investment transactions (for lead investor)</li>
<li>Proven experience in supporting Hi Tech companies (in various stages of growth), in various aspects (from labor through corporate)</li>
<li>Experience in technology agreements SaaS, PaaS and IaaS/HaaS agreements, SLAs T&amp;Cs and the like</li>
<li>Strong understanding of commercial and corporate law</li>
<li>Able to work under short deadlines</li>
<li>Excellent communication and contract negotiation skills in English</li>
<li>Proactive, pragmatic, and business-oriented approach with the ability to work independently</li>
<li>Understanding privacy and AI legislation and trends are an advantage</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Competencies &amp; Behavioral Traits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactive problem-solving and ownership mindset</li>
<li>Ability to collaborate across teams and cultures</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>