<p>This is an opportunity to kickstart your career by joining Canonical.&nbsp;You will be working from our Canonical London Office and will be accountable for delivering technical support to our employees and customers, as well as facilitating AV support for office conferences and events. From problem qualification to full resolution, you will own and manage your cases. When needed, you will transfer your cases to your colleagues or involve senior engineers.</p>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1100+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is an opportunity for an Linux Engineer/Administrator with a passion for Linux and Customer Success to build a career with Canonical and support the technical needs of customers leveraging Ubuntu and open source products. If you have a passion for technology and an eagerness to learn, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will be accountable for delivering an outstanding technical support experience on the full Desktop and Server technical stack at Canonical. From problem qualification to full resolution, you will own and manage your cases. When needed, you will transfer your cases to your colleagues or involve senior engineers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your day to day job is to provide technical expertise, be an excellent communicator and a service-oriented professional. Every day you will have to make judgement calls to prioritise customer issues and maximise your effectiveness. You will also need to set time aside to learn about our new products and technologies and evolve as a professional. You will participate in various training sessions, team gatherings and Company events.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Location:</strong> Office Based in London, England</span></p>
<h2><strong>The role entails</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Investigate issues reported by customers by researching and escalating issues&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work to resolve complex customer problems related to Canonical’s portfolio of products.</li>
<li>Ownership of results: Ensure that each support case owned by you is handled according to our Service Level Agreement (SLA) with the highest possible customer satisfaction by setting the right expectations and fulfilling your commitments.</li>
<li>Engage directly with customers and work collaboratively by phone, ticketing system, and remote sessions to resolve their issues.</li>
<li>Participate in a regular weekend working rotation.</li>
<li>Contribute new knowledge base articles and maintain existing articles, ensuring shared knowledge and lessons learned are available to customers.</li>
<li>Understanding Ubuntu development process to be able to set customer expectations correctly on timeline for a fix.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What are we looking for in you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in a technical subject or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>Track record of going above-and-beyond expectations to achieve outstanding results</li>
<li>Work from our new, state of the art London, UK office and provide technical support for employees.</li>
<li>Familiarize with and own the technical infrastructure supporting the office and the stack supporting events and customer demos.</li>
<li>Provide technical onboarding support for new employees.</li>
<li>Provide technical and infrastructure support during office events.</li>
<li>Identify and suggest any opportunities to provide a better service</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Linux troubleshooting (collecting logs and stack traces, fine-tuning by editing configuration files)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Linux integration with other environments (authentication/directory services, network file systems, etc.)</span></li>
<li>Hands-on and working experience in supporting Linux systems including any of:
<ul>
<li>Virtualization / Cloud - primarily using KVM or OpenStack.</li>
<li>Containers - especially with Docker, LXD/LXC, or Kubernetes.</li>
<li>Storage technologies - block, object and network.</li>
<li>Networking (bonding, firewalling, bridging, switching, network file system tuning, MTU issues, etc.).</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Ability to learn quickly, thrive on change and handle the pressure of a customer facing job</li>
<li>Programming fundamentals in any language.</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long</li>
<li>Extensive Customer support experience is key:
<ul>
<li>Customer needs are top priority.</li>
<li>Communicate professionally, emphatically, clearly and set the right expectations.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>