<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a stand-out Enterprise Sales Manager to further expand our successful business in the region. As an individual contributor, you will be responsible for facilitating our growth in Australia and New Zealand through the acquisition of new enterprise merchants and platforms. Alongside exceptional sales skills, you must be a strong networker and communicator who thrives in a fast-paced, diverse and entrepreneurial environment. Culture fit is crucial, our team acts with integrity, always puts the customer first and we enjoy what we do.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understand the market and our ideal customer fit, and how we can solve business’ biggest problems with our market leading solution</li>
<li>Generate new business for Adyen; Identify specific prospects/partners to approach, communicate the specific value proposition for their business, and establish long-term, successful partnerships</li>
<li>Position Adyen products and services and articulate its value effectively through a complex sales cycle</li>
<li>Work closely with mid-level to senior executives at interested businesses to successfully negotiate and close deals and support in on-boarding</li>
<li>Partner with technology leaders and solution providers, and work closely with our Sales Support, Implementation and Account Management teams</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8 years+ sales experience, with 5 years+ focused on hunting large enterprise businesses in the region</li>
<li>Experience selling payment solutions, complex enterprise software, technical infrastructure or financial services</li>
<li>Strategic negotiator who excels in effective communication</li>
<li>Charismatic and a great team player&nbsp;</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial mindset, with the ability to manage projects independently and own your own success</li>
<li>Proven track recording in consistently exceeding sales performance targets</li>
<li>A relevant business network in Australia and New Zealand</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Sydney office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>