<div class="gmail\_default" style="font-size: small;">
<div>
<div>To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the <strong>Apply Now</strong> dropdown menu.</div>
<p style="text-align: justify; line-height: 1;">To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ylUe7Ou0EbsOtGRBtUv1sSld3lbZ4mrYzo59tEkSjY8/edit?usp=sharing" target="\_blank"><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>link.</strong></span></a></p>
<p><strong>Why Mozilla?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser. Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, we’re shaping the next 25 years of technology and helping to reclaim an internet built for people, not companies. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more. And we’re doing this while never losing our focus on our core mission – to make the internet better for people.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we aren’t beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with thousands of volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.</span></p>
<p><strong>About this team and role:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Commercial Legal team works with every part of Mozilla’s business, supporting a wide variety of projects and transactions. Reporting to the Director, Corporate and Commercial Legal, the Senior Commercial Counsel will be a trusted advisor to Mozilla’s business teams across all commercial matters, providing proactive, thoughtful, and solution-oriented guidance and support.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build relationships across Mozilla’s business teams as a trusted advisor and solution-oriented partner across commercial matters. Leverage strong analytical skills to provide timely, practical, business-savvy recommendations in a fast-paced environment.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Draft, negotiate, and advise on a variety of transactions and agreements, including B2B enterprise and SaaS sales, strategic partnerships, marketing, advertising, and vendor engagements. Guide business teams on operational and stakeholder considerations and drive towards deal execution.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage multiple projects with limited oversight, demonstrating a continued drive towards completion and adapting to unexpected challenges and ambiguity.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrate a willingness to jump in and handle a wide range of responsibilities as needed to support the dynamic nature of Mozilla’s business.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with teams including Global Business Group (B2B Enterprise Sales), Business Development (Strategic Partnerships), and Product (Firefox, New Products) organizations in a way that encourages buy-in and partnership. Understand our clients’ goals, clearly communicate risks, and work collaboratively to find solutions.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">J.D. degree and membership in a state bar in good standing</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">4 - 8 years of relevant experience, including experience as in-house counsel</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience negotiating and drafting a wide range of commercial technology agreements and vendor agreements, including SaaS and Data Processing Agreements (DPAs)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Commitment to excellent client service and an ability to build trust-based relationships across cross-functional teams</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated ability to provide proactive, solution-oriented guidance that incorporates and balances both business objectives and legal risk</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated ability to resolve unclear but urgent tasks with limited oversight, and to take ownership of multiple projects and drive them to completion</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Commitment to our values:</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Welcoming differences</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Being relationship-minded</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Practicing responsible participation</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Having grit</span></li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous performance-based bonus plans to all eligible employees - we share in our success as one team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous retirement contributions with 100% immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">One-time home office stipend</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual professional development budget</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Quarterly well-being stipend</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Considerable paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee referral bonus program</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Other benefits (life/AD&amp;D, disability, EAP, etc. - varies by country)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Mozilla&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.</p>
<p><strong>Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging</strong></p>
<p>Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the company’s core mission.&nbsp; We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientation<span style="color: #003366;">s, </span>gender identities, and expressions.</p>
<p>We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at <a class="external-link" href="mailto:hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com">hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com</a> to request accommodation.</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.&nbsp; Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.</p>
<p>Group: C</p>
<p>#LI-DNI</p>
<p>Req ID: R3101</p>
</div>
</div>