**About the Team**

It’s no secret that Meesho is making massive leaps towards becoming the most used e-commerce app in India. Our Finance team has a key role to play in the company's success. Here’s your chance to be a part of the Meesho success story!😎

As Assistant Manager - Taxation, you will be one among the 50+ professionals working in domains such as Financial Reporting, Finance Operations, Business Finance, Treasury Management and Taxation. The team consists of Chartered Accountants, Business experts and Engineers, who have previously worked for internationally renowned organisations. Our team believes in working hard and partying harder. We organise team trivia nights, board game marathons, and other fun events to foster our team spirit 💥.

**About the Role**

As Assistant Manager - Taxation, you are going to be involved in extensive coordination with internal and external stakeholders of the Meesho team. You will ensure that we and relevant business partners are tax compliant. Besides, you will also build processes and systems to enable faster, more efficient systems to handle tax matters. You will work with stakeholders to ensure that all the tax processes are in place. You will close critical problems in record time and manage multiple operations of the tax practice area, delivering quality tax services that will increase the company's reputation

## What you will do:

- Handling the GST compliance and reconciliations for all the GSTINs of Meesho
- Undertaking GSTR-2B reconciliations with books of accounts and responsibly follow-up with vendors in case of non-reporting of Tax Invoice in their GSTR-1/ mis-match in reporting.
- Should possess good analytical skills to undertake complex GST reconciliations.
- Preparation of reply, data and information required by the Tax authorities.
- Work with product and tech team to support Indirect tax report modifications, enhancements, and upgradation required to support compliance and business requirements.
- Work cross-functionally to assist in Tax Invoices, determining ITC Eligibility, and provide HSN Codes and GST rates
- Assist in preparations of GSTR-9 & GSTR-9C
- Experience to research tax regulations to support project initiatives and continuous business requirements.
- Desire to learn new ERP, IT systems and SQL language required for GST Compliances
- Ability to cope under pressure and meet deadlines.

## What you will need

- Should be a Chartered Accountant and Good command over MS Excel
- Work experience of 1 to 2 year in Indirect Tax function of Big 6 Firm or  fresher with articleship in Indirect tax function of Big 6 Firm