<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><h3>The Identity Security Posture Management (ISPM) Team</h3>
<p>At ISPM (previously known as Spera), we are revolutionizing the field of identity security, providing comprehensive solutions to address the challenges faced by modern organizations. Our platform provides security leaders with end-to-end contextual visibility of their identity landscape, reducing risks, enhancing operational efficiency, and ensuring compliance.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With an exceptional team dedicated to pushing boundaries and achieving remarkable results, we are seeking a talented engineer to join us in shaping the future of identity security.</p>
<p><strong>This role requires working from the office four times a week.</strong></p>
<h3>What you’ll be doing</h3>
<p>As a Staff Software Engineer at ISPM, you will play a critical role in building our platform. Your expertise and contributions will have a direct impact on the success and effectiveness of our product. Specifically, your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead, design, architect and build high-quality scalable software by introducing best practices around software engineering architecture and processes</li>
<li>Raise the bar on engineering excellence by improving standard methodologies, producing best-in-class code, documentation, testing, and monitoring</li>
<li>Collaborate with product and R&amp;D engineers to translate product requirements into technical solutions.</li>
<li>Identifying and resolving technical issues and performance bottlenecks.</li>
<li>Staying up to date with the latest industry trends and technologies to continuously improve our products.</li>
<li>Be a mentor for colleagues and help promote knowledge-sharing</li>
</ul>
<h3>What you’ll bring to the role</h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience as a software engineer, preferably in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>5+ years of programming experience with Python, specifically focused on backend development.</li>
<li>A proven track record of successfully building and delivering large-scale systems.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of software engineering principles, design patterns, and best practices.</li>
<li>Excellent problem-solving skills and a detail-oriented mindset.</li>
<li>Strong communication and collaboration abilities to work effectively within a team.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Extra credit if you have experience in any of the following</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Snowflake or other data warehousing platforms.</li>
<li>Experience with Amazon Web Services and modern cloud stack.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>