<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><div><strong>The role</strong><br><br>We are looking for a Senior Technical Project Manager with experience managing cross-team projects or leading engineering teams. Experience as an SWE or SRE is a strong plus. You will drive projects that cut across all engineering domains and directly impact the business - from incident and capacity management to evolving the core runtime infrastructure of the cloud.<br><br><strong>Your responsibilities will include:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>&nbsp;Initiating and driving cross-team projects with clear goals and timelines</li>
<li>Aligning conflicting priorities and stakeholder needs, including C-level</li>
<li>Facilitating technical and procedural decision-making</li>
<li>Establishing and scaling repeatable processes</li>
<li>Collaborating closely with engineering, infrastructure, and business teams</li>
</ul>
<div><br><strong>We expect you to have:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience leading technical projects or engineering teams</li>
<li>Strong technical background: software architecture, infrastructure, networking</li>
<li>Experience with Kubernetes</li>
<li>Strong communication and analytical skills</li>
<li>Demonstrated coding ability, confirmed during the interview process</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>