**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

We are looking for a **Client Partner** to support our team in **Bagdad**!

## What You’ll Do

- Manage Client Growth: Act as the primary relationship owner for a dedicated book of business of Google Ads in Iraq, driving growth goals and sales KPIs for the Google partnership.
- Execute Strategy and Sales Rigor: Implement the sales plan and tactics for the partnership, including building and managing a healthy and ambitious pipeline and managing the daily sales routines.
- Client Education and Support: Work closely with clients and agencies to build educational programs and maintain continuous product knowledge. Resolve day-to-day client issues efficiently by coordinating with servicing teams.
- Market Insight: Utilize a strong understanding of the local market to identify and report on new business opportunities and strategic alliances within target markets.

## What You Need For This Role

- Relevant Experience:3+ years of experience in sales and marketing, with a proven track record of success in sales or business development, within the digital, media, or product industry.
- Digital Marketing Acumen: A strong understanding of digital and performance marketing and the landscape in Iraq, enabling you to effectively meet the needs of local agencies, brands, and marketers.
- Foundational Skills: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
- Fluency in English is a must, along with excellent verbal and written communication, negotiation, and problem-solving abilities.
- Experience working in a fast-paced environment with demonstrated autonomy and comfort in executing sales strategies (Salesforce CRM knowledge is a plus).

## What Will Make Us Really Love You

- You bring a track record of success in a similar role, with hands-on experience.
- You’re not afraid to challenge the status quo and bring fresh, out-of-the-box ideas to the table.
- You anticipate challenges before they arise and take initiative to find effective solutions.
- You have an eye for detail.
- You thrive on teamwork but also bring a driven, goal-oriented spirit.
- You’re genuinely enthusiastic about advertising, ad-tech, and staying ahead of industry trends.
- You have the ability to engage and communicate with internal and external stakeholders in a positive and approachable way.

## What You’ll Love About Us

- We care about your individuality by giving you freedom to grow and create within the company, regardless of your position
- Learn from the best: Our state of the art workshops guarantee the latest insights into digital advertising
- Be part of a company with a truly global footprint, working with leading brands, platforms, and publishers across 90+ markets.
- We foster a dynamic environment where creativity, collaboration, and bold ideas are encouraged and celebrated.
- Join a diverse, multicultural team that values and embraces different perspectives, experiences, and talents.
- At Aleph, your work directly contributes to connecting brands and consumers in meaningful ways, shaping the future of digital advertising.

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH