**About DroneDeploy**

DroneDeploy powers field teams with robotics and AI. As the only reality capture platform that combines robotic automation, AI agents, and a truly unified system, DroneDeploy allows critical industries to operate with speed and confidence.

From construction and energy to agriculture, the world’s largest companies use DroneDeploy to simplify field operations, improve safety, and make smarter decisions, faster. By combining aerial drones, 360 and fixed cameras, ground robots and proprietary AI, we’re bringing the power of automation and visual intelligence to all stakeholders, from the field to the boardroom.

At DroneDeploy, we thrive in a *mostly* remote-first culture rooted in innovation and impact. We’ve been recognized as a Best Place to Work in the SF Bay Area and named one of America’s Great Places to Work—but what truly sets us apart is the experience you gain: solving real-world challenges with cutting-edge technology, surrounded by teammates who are as passionate as they are supportive. Our team is bold, mission-driven, and building something that matters. We foster a culture where a variety of perspectives drive smart decisions, and where growth—both personal and professional—is part of the journey. Whether it’s flexible schedules, family-friendly benefits, or our strong track record of internal promotions, we invest in people as much as we do in product. If you’re looking to be part of something ambitious, authentic, and transformative, you’ll find your place at DroneDeploy.

**About the Role:**

You will be responsible for enabling customers post-sales, driving adoption within their organization and ensuring high retention and account growth. You will bring strong relationship-building experience, strategic thinking, product knowledge, technical aptitude and empathy toward ensuring the customer’s success.

This role partners closely with customers as a trusted advisor, product expert, and advocate, driving meaningful product adoption to increase customer retention and long-term value. The role plays a critical part in ensuring customers successfully realize the impact of DroneDeploy’s platform.

A background in customer success with data-focused, automation, or AI-driven SaaS platforms is required. General knowledge of GIS, photogrammetry, reality-capture tools (drones, 360° cameras), and APIs would be a valuable addition to the team.. Strong coordination skills and the ability to work effectively with customers and internal teams across time zones are essential.

**Work Environment**

**> Work Model:** Hybrid, in-office presence required four times a week.

**> Work Hours:** Availability within the core hours of 9am to 6pm, Monday through Friday, based on your local time zone, while accommodating necessary flexibility.

**> Work Travel:** Up to 40% domestic & international travel for client engagements, training sessions, and company events.

## Responsibilities:

- Onboard and enable Mid-Market and Enterprise customers to ensure they achieve value quickly with the DroneDeploy platform
- Consult with existing and new customers to identify the current state of their reality capture program, identify and document current pain points, collaborate on solutions, and drive successful evaluations to align their needs with DroneDeploy’s solutions
- Develop and maintain trusted advisor relationships with stakeholders and users in your account portfolio
- Develop a mastery of DroneDeploy solutions, business model, services and Customer Success best practices
- Act as the voice of the customer, advocating the customer’s point of view and provide detailed internal feedback to cross-functional teams regarding how DroneDeploy can better serve our customers, improve their experience, and better the customers’ outcomes with our services
- Identify opportunities to develop new training and enablement materials designed to ensure successful customer onboarding, support business-wide adoption, and deepen DroneDeploy proficiency
- Co-manage the renewals process with aligned Account Executive and accurately forecast renewals for aligned customer base to achieve high net retention numbers
- Track accounts to identify churn risk and work proactively to increase health on accounts
- Identify account expansion and cross-organizational opportunities for growth and work with your Account Executive counterpart to ensure a successful close
- Assist with the post-sales technical process: implementation, deployment, training, QBRs, monthly check-ups and escalation management.
- Work with the Services team to deliver technical on-site trainings and flight services to help enable customers achieve faster time to value.

## Requirements:

- 3+ years in Customer Success or similar B2B role, ideally serving Enterprise customers.
- Experience working with customers in construction, energy, oil & gas, or other industrial sectors is a plus.
- Proven track record in managing Enterprise customer relationships and delivering results
- Background working with SaaS platforms, especially those involving data, automation, or AI workflows.
- Data-driven and strategic thinker with strong, consultative, communication, and project management skills.
- Comfortable in fast-paced environments with cross-functional collaboration.
- CRM discipline with strong follow-through.

**Employee Offerings & Benefits**

*(Benefits may vary by location and role)*

These are just some of the perks you'll enjoy—there's more to discover once you join us!

**Culture of Innovation & Collaboration** – Thrive in an environment that values creativity and teamwork.

**Drone Certification** – Get certified and gain unique, hands-on skills with our full backing.

**Flexible Work Arrangements** – Enjoy autonomy with remote-first options and schedule flexibility.

**Paid Family Leave** – Take the time you need to support your family during life’s most important moments.

**Comprehensive Healthcare Coverage** – Plans designed to support your well-being.

**Career & Growth Development** – Build new skills and unlock opportunities through continuous learning.

**Flexible PTO** – Take time off when you need it to recharge—we trust you to manage your time well.

**Employee Referral Bonus** – Know someone great? Refer them and earn a bonus when they join our team.

----

**DroneDeploy is an equal opportunity employer.**

All DroneDeploy employees are responsible for protecting the company and customer data by following information security policies and procedures.

Please refer to our [Recruitment Privacy Notice](https://www.dronedeploy.com/about/recruitment-privacy-notice/)for information about privacy during the recruiting process.