<p><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Who We Are&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world's largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>As Stripe's user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripe's portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams.</p>
<p>This role will be part of the Risk Operations Team within SDC that is accountable for performing KYC reviews during onboarding and periodic review.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for someone who is passionate about fighting risks and solving the puzzle of investigations, is naturally curious, and is comfortable operating in ambiguity and finding creative solutions. You will be responsible for spearheading the organization's KYC and compliance efforts within the Indian market.</p>
<p>The right candidate for this role will have experience in KYC compliance, preferably within the fintech or e-commerce space.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conducting thorough Know Your Customer (KYC) reviews during the onboarding of new users, ensuring the authenticity and accuracy of all customer documentation in compliance with Indian regulatory requirements.</li>
<li>Demonstrating a deep understanding of KYC and anti-money laundering (AML) regulations specific to the Indian financial services industry, and applying this knowledge to your daily analyses.</li>
<li>Exercising sound analytical judgment to evaluate complex customer information, make informed decisions on the legitimacy of documentation provided, and determine the appropriate risk profile for each customer.</li>
<li>Handling high-complexity KYC-related assignments and tasks with a sense of urgency, while promptly resolving incoming requests from internal teams, financial partners, and other external parties.</li>
<li>Adhering closely to process documentation and drafting clear, concise investigative summaries and analyses, including the preparation of regulatory reports for submission to the relevant authorities.</li>
<li>Actively participating in building a new team and operational culture focused on robust KYC and compliance practices within the organization.</li>
<li>Leveraging your expertise in KYC and AML to identify and escalate any suspicious customer activity or high-risk profiles to the compliance team for further investigation and action.</li>
<li>Collaborating cross-functionally with teams such as compliance and fraud to share information and insights that contribute to the overall risk management and mitigation efforts within the Indian market.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>Mi</strong><strong>nimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience in KYC, customer identification, and due diligence roles within the financial services or fintech industry.</li>
<li>Proven track record of conducting in-depth customer KYC reviews, including validation of identity documents, address proofs, and income/occupation details, in accordance with Indian regulatory requirements.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to analyze complex customer information and exercise sound judgment to assess the adequacy and legitimacy of customer documentation.</li>
<li>Experience in identifying high-risk customers, transactions, or business activities, and escalating them to the compliance team for further investigation.</li>
<li>Thorough understanding of Indian KYC and AML regulations and the ability to apply this knowledge in day-to-day operations.</li>
<li>Capacity to work with a sense of urgency and focus when handling queues with shorter turnaround times.</li>
<li>Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal skills to effectively communicate findings and recommendations.</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently, analyze data, and make complex investigation decisions.</li>
<li>Proactive, and detail-oriented approach to work.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge in payments and the fintech industry&nbsp;</li>
<li>Familiarity with SQL and ability to use template or premade SQL queries as part of investigations</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>