<p><em>FEQ427R245<br><br></em></p>
<p>Look at all the apps you have on your mobile. Many of these are built by customers that are within our Digital Natives &amp; Startup patch and are using Databricks to support their business.</p>
<p>We aim to inspire our customers to make informed decisions that push their business forward. We provide a user-friendly and intuitive platform that makes it easy to turn insights into action and foster a culture of creativity, experimentation, and continuous improvement. At Databricks, our core principles are at the heart of everything we do; creating a culture of proactiveness and a customer-centric mindset guides us to create a unified platform that makes Data and AI accessible to everyone. Join us in our quest to change how people work with data and make a better world!<br><br><strong>About the team</strong><br>The Solutions Architecture team serves as trusted advisors, helping customers identify and prioritize impactful use cases across their industries. Our team provides expert technical guidance to drive Data and AI solutions from concept to production. They act as a bridge between customers, product teams, and sales, ensuring that solutions are not only technically sound but also aligned with business objectives.<br><strong><br></strong><strong>About the role</strong><br>A Digital Native Business Solution Architect Leader is a senior technical and strategic role focused on designing, developing, and implementing technology solutions tailored for digital native companies—businesses born in the digital era, often leveraging cloud, APIs, and modern data platforms. This leader not only understands data solutions but also leads and mentors a team of solution architects to deliver impactful customer outcomes. You’ll empower companies to innovate and grow together with your team.</p>
<p><strong>The impact you will have / Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Technical Leadership:</li>
<ul>
<li>Guide customers through competitive landscapes, best practices, and implementation strategies.</li>
<li>Provide technical leadership to help customers understand how Databricks can solve their business problems.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<li>Team Leadership &amp; Mentorship:</li>
<ul>
<li>Lead, build, and mentor a high-performing team of solution architects.</li>
<li>Drive exceptional customer outcomes demonstrated by production applications and increased adoption of APIs and platforms.</li>
<li>Develop technical champions within customer organizations.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<li>Customer Engagement &amp; Strategy:</li>
<ul>
<li>Partner closely with sales teams to develop account strategies and align on plans that help our customers to achieve their business goals.</li>
<li>Lead technical win strategies and support technical account management for strategic customers.</li>
<li>Engage with end-user and developer communities to understand needs and tailor solutions accordingly.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we look for:</strong></p>
<p><em>\*You do not need to fulfil every single requirement to be a strong candidate. If you are excited about this role and have related experience, we encourage you to apply.\*</em></p>
<ul>
<li>Have 8+ years of experience in a technical customer-facing role, managing C-level technical and business relationships with complex global organizations.</li>
<li>Have 2+ years of experience leading technical pre-sales teams with a demonstrated ability to hire, develop, and manage technical teams.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of digital native business models and their technology and business requirements.</li>
<li>Extensive experience (often 5+ years) in infrastructure architecture, database architecture, networking, and IT development or consulting within software or internet industries.</li>
<li>Have a proven ability to lead technical teams and an operational and strategic mindset in doing this.</li>
<li>Have strong communication skills with excellent presentation and negotiation skills, both in-person and written.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Have experience in pre-sales activities, such as solution design and business value selling.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills; professional proficiency in English (knowledge of any Nordic language is a plus, but not a hard requirement).</li>
</ul>
<p>Notes:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>This role is based in Stockholm, within a reasonable commuting distance, and follows a hybrid working model.</li>
<li>If you need any adjustments or accommodations during the application or interview process, please let us know so we can support you.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>