<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as our next Senior Strategic Account Executive.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>Reporting to the RVP, Strategic Account Rest of Asia, this position is needed to manage relationships with some of our largest current Communications platform customers who consume our messaging, voice and email services. You will be directly responsible for protecting and growing Twilio’s communications business across your assigned customers with a focus on India and Thai enterprises. As a Strategic Account Executive, you will drive highly analytical and consultative sales cycles (upsell and cross sell) with customers that are running large scale, global, competitively sourced, compliance-heavy, use case-specific businesses. This role is cross functional dependent, and your success will depend on building deep partnerships across product management, finance, support, and operations.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Manage and expand some of our most important customer accounts, including high growth technology, retail, eCommerce and fintech companies.</li>
<li>Develop, drive, and execute account strategy to consistently deliver strong revenue, gross margin, and gross profit results.</li>
<li>Partner closely with other Twilio teams to identify new revenue opportunities within your account portfolio.</li>
<li>Serve on a cross-functional account team with representatives from product, finance, support, and services teams.</li>
<li>Run a disciplined forecast, consistently achieve goals, and present guidance to executive management.</li>
<li>Run highly consultative sales cycles with our largest customers with a focus on deep discovery, listening to customer needs and being an effective champion for their point of view in the organization</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li>More than 10 years of combined experience in major account or strategic sales, managing or leading quantitative, highly analytical products and solutions for customers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in supporting Thailand territories.</li>
<li>Accountable for relationship management, cross sells, upsells and solutions consulting.</li>
<li>Comfortable working with business and highly technical leaders, while influencing their understanding and building supportive partnerships.</li>
<li>Proven track record of developing, growing and delivering revenue &amp; gross profit results, especially for large-scale and enterprise customers in Asia.</li>
<li>Analytical account development strategy based on using data to find opportunities and prove value.</li>
<li>Demonstrated track record of managing business forecasts and financial models with use of MEDDPICC.</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial mindset with appetite to define processes and build programs.</li>
<li>Fluency in Thai (speaking and writing) is desired to work with the Thai customers</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience</li>
<li>CDP &amp; CPaaS experience is highly desirable</li>
<li>Experience selling SaaS/CPaaS/CDP solution selling to a technical and business audience</li>
<li>An understanding of the customer experience (CDP + CPaaS) business model</li>
<li>Experience managing high tech Thai and Indian enterprises</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Singapore.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, approximately 30% travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>