<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">KKR is a global investment firm with nearly five decades of investment management experience with ~US$664 billion in AUM as of March 31, 2025. KKR is headquartered in New York and has a presence in 26 cities across four continents – combining local expertise with a global perspective.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">KKR globally manages investments across multiple asset classes, including private equity, real assets, and credit strategies. In addition, KKR Capital Markets supports our firm, portfolio companies, and clients by providing tailored capital markets advice and financing solutions. KKR Capstone, with a mission to create value for all of our stakeholders by identifying and delivering sustainable operational performance within KKR portfolio companies, is also an integral part of the firm’s overall approach to value creation. KKR’s Client Solutions team seeks to diversify KKR’s client base to include new investors across all regions and institution types, including a growing focus on individual, private wealth investors.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">KKR first established its presence in Asia Pacific in 2005. Since then, KKR has grown to approximately US$80 billion in AUM across all asset classes and strategies, including private equity, infrastructure, real estate, credit, impact, and growth equity. In Asia Pacific, KKR has ~600 executives working across business functions and asset classes with offices in Beijing, Gurugram, Hong Kong, Mumbai, Seoul, Shanghai, Singapore, Sydney, and Tokyo. While nearly all executives are local to their market – and are adept at proprietary sourcing, relationship building, and best practices considerations within their markets – each executive works closely with KKR’s team worldwide to leverage the firm’s experience and expertise.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">For additional information about KKR &amp; Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR’s website at <a style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);" href="https://www.kkr.com">www.kkr.com</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">We’d like to invite you to register for our 2026 KKR Shanghai Open Day, which </span>offers individuals from diverse backgrounds and with unique points of view a glimpse into the daily routines of professionals in the alternative investment world. Participants will have the opportunity to take a closer look at KKR’s different businesses and strategies and also connect with investment professionals from KKR China as well as Marshall Wace, one of the leading hedge funds and KKR’s global strategic partner.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Time</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">9:30-14:30 BJT</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Friday, April 24, 2026</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Venue</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">KKR Shanghai Office/In person event&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Application Deadline</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">March 30, 2026 &amp; <strong><em>Due to limited seats, this event is by invitation only.</em></strong></span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Who Can Apply</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We are pleased to invite students from any degree discipline with a genuine interest in alternative investments to apply for 2025 KKR Beijing Open Day. Students with the below qualifications are encouraged to apply:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Prior experience in Private Equity, Investment Banking, Equity Research or Consulting is preferred</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Excellent academic track record and learning ability</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Strong passion for private equity and alternative investments</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><strong>What To Expect At This Event?</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">This 4.5-hour interactive session aims to educate audiences on who KKR is and what its investment team does, as well as provide important insight into KKR’s culture and vision:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Overview of KKR’s different investment strategies</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">KKR Culture, Vision and Career Path</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">General introduction of Marshall Wace</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Networking with KKR professionals</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We’re excited to get to know you and share why KKR is an exciting place to start your career!</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>