<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Who Are We?</strong></h2>
<p>Postman is the world’s leading API platform, used by more than 45 million+ developers and 500,000 organizations, including 98% of the Fortune 500. Postman is helping developers and professionals across the globe build the API-first world by simplifying each step of the API lifecycle and streamlining collaboration—enabling users to create better APIs, faster.</p>
<p>The company is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in Boston, New York, Austin, Tokyo, London, and Bangalore - where Postman was founded. Postman is privately held, with funding from Battery Ventures, BOND, Coatue, CRV, Insight Partners, and Nexus Venture Partners. Learn more at postman.com or connect with Postman on X via @getpostman.</p>
<p>P.S: We highly recommend reading <a href="https://api-first-world.com/">The "API-First World" graphic novel</a> to understand the bigger picture and our vision at Postman.</p></div><h2><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking a passionate and highly driven individual to join the Deal Operations team at Postman. The Deal Operations Analyst role reports into the Head of Deal Operations which also reports into Revenue Operations.&nbsp; This role will work collaboratively with the sales, Finance, Legal, Renewals and Orders teams in the deal cycle; quote creation, approvals, order form creation, opportunity maintenance and bookings to comply with Postman policies and processes.</p>
<p>The Revenue Operations team is integral to the success of the Sales and Customer Success organizations by helping to drive revenue, renewals and the productivity of the sales and customer success teams.</p>
<p>This is an in-office position.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Create Quotes and Order Forms for sales deals</li>
<li>Review Quote approval requests and approve qualified Quotes</li>
<li>Process bookings review of customer orders.&nbsp; Assist in the complete order cycle, ensure quality and efficiency through the entire process</li>
<li>Support of internal and external customers in regard to order booking and order tracking</li>
<li>Address escalation for exception handling regarding booking requests</li>
<li>Research discrepancies regarding ARR calculations</li>
<li>Assist Deal Operations and Sales with non-standard, custom, and/or complex deal structures to provide accurate quotes and order forms to match the intent of the deal</li>
<li>Coordinate with internal teams to facilitate the order process, achieve joint goals, and solve problems related to order processing. These teams include finance, legal, renewals, collections, and others</li>
<li>Accurately enter deal information into Salesforce</li>
<li>Process Salesforce transaction data review for post close audits</li>
<li>Special projects related to order processing and general Deal Operations process improvements</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Flexibility to work additional nights and weekends for month and quarter-end, as needed. This is not a standard 9-5 job, it is based on what the business needs.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with Quote to Cash in Salesforce CPQ Tool required</li>
<li>Experience with Ironclad preferred, or another CLM like Conga, etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with back-office operations as well as strong knowledge of order processing</li>
<li>Experience with cross functional collaboration with Finance and Legal for the deal making process</li>
<li>Ability to learn internal business technology, applications, and solutions quickly&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong working knowledge in Salesforce, Microsoft Excel, Google Suite</li>
<li>Willing to work in a highly demanding and results-oriented team environment</li>
<li>Extremely detail oriented and effective organizational skills.&nbsp; Meticulous in your attention to detail and take pride in ensuring that your work is accurate and thoughtful in nature.</li>
<li>Strong problem solving skills and ability to root cause issues</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills in knowing how develop partnership to effectively convey the needs of the sales team and customer to the appropriate stakeholder</li>
<li>Highly organized in the ability to juggle many competing priorities and strive to support each with equal attention to detail and quick turn-around.</li>
<li>Strong sense of accountability</li>
<li>Kindness and consideration in your approach when interacting with peers, partners and customers</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2 data-renderer-start-pos="4036"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What Else?</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">In addition to Postman's pay-on-performance philosophy, and a flexible schedule working with a fun, collaborative team, Postman offers a comprehensive set of benefits, including full medical coverage, flexible PTO, wellness reimbursement, and a monthly lunch stipend. Along with that, our wellness programs will help you stay in the best of your physical and mental health. Our frequent and fascinating team-building events will keep you connected, while our donation-matching program can support the causes you care about. We’re building a long-term company with an inclusive culture where everyone can be the best version of themselves.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">At Postman we value in person collaboration. We are in office 5 days a week for all roles based out of our hubs in San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, Austin, Tokyo and London. For roles based in Bangalore, employees currently work in the office three days a week and will transition to five days per week by the end of the year. We were thoughtful in our approach which is based on collaboration and grounded in feedback from our workforce, leadership team, and peers. The benefits of our in office model will be shared knowledge, brainstorming sessions, communication, and building trust in-person that cannot be replicated via zoom.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="3620"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Our Values</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3633">At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also failures. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.</p>
<h2><strong>Equal opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">Postman is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. Postman does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Postman will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Postman.</p></div>