<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3>About the <strong>Organization / Team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe’s DEeP organization empowers all of Stripe's products with a shared product platform that helps with rapidly delivering high-quality, cross-product experiences across our UI and API surfaces. It focuses on providing a consistent and scalable developer experience that any developer (both internal and external) can leverage to accelerate a merchant’s ability to create value using Stripe.</p>
<p>The IAM Login Services team is responsible for managing authentication into Stripe. We are expanding our authentication stack to allow more teams at Stripe to integrate with it and to support AI agents authenticating into Stripe. This is a critical workstream due to the growth in AI adoption and the need for secure and manageable Identity and Access Management (IAM) as Stripe's enterprise customer base grows.<br><br>Team Matching: exact team matching for one of the subteams will begin during final stages. Please note we may also consider you for different orgs based on your experience, location, etc. More information on our team matching process can be found <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zvJkO2c7GzukHG-\_oqc5wbOLajpuh5FjbmZPcZPU1o0/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ahb3b6nrktv1">here</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>As a Backend Engineer on the IAM Login Services team, you will play a crucial role in platformizing Stripe's authentication stack and expanding our authentication offerings to support AI agents. You will contribute to critical workstreams that have a significant impact on Stripe's enterprise customers and our overall business. This is an opportunity to work on cutting-edge security and IAM infrastructure, collaborating with various teams across Stripe to invent and implement innovative solutions.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to expanding Stripe's OAuth offering.</li>
<li>Develop and improve SSO/SCIM products to increase adoption for enterprise users.</li>
<li>Collaborate with other teams within Stripe to deliver a next generation authentication platform for Stripe.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>2-5 years of relevant experience.</li>
<li>Experience with backend infrastructure.</li>
<li>Experience building systems that scale.</li>
<li>Familiarity with AWS.</li>
<li>Experience with Java/Ruby.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience with IAM.</li>
<li>Comfortable with ambiguity, and can drive clarity independently.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you’re ready to help shape the future of identity and access management at Stripe and work on solutions that impact millions of users, we encourage you to apply!</p>