<div class="content-intro"><p>At Algolia, we’re proud to be a pioneer and market leader in AI Search, empowering 17,000+ businesses to deliver blazing-fast, predictive search and browse experiences at internet scale. Every week, we power over 30 billion search requests — four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex, and DuckDuckGo combined.</p>
<p>In 2021, we raised $150 million in Series D funding, quadrupling our valuation to $2.25 billion. This strong foundation enables us to keep investing in our market-leading platform and serving incredible customers like Under Armour, PetSmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens.</p></div><div class="section page-centered">
<h3><strong>The Mission</strong></h3>
<p>Empower developers and business users with the tools to maximize their use of Algolia’s Search platform. Our team builds advanced analytics, debugging tools, and applications that enhance keyword search capabilities, helping customers make data-driven decisions.</p>
<h3><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h3>
<p>The Search team at Algolia runs the world’s fastest and most <a href="https://www.algolia.com/products/search-and-discovery/hosted-search-api/">relevant search engine</a>. We operate one platform that covers ALL retrieval methods - keyword, semantic, db, and others. We eat, breathe, and sleep highly available and highly reliable services (4 9s is our minimum threshold). We build products that enable anyone to easily connect any data source and retrieve and collate content across multiple data sources.&nbsp; We inform our customers how best to optimize their discovery engines through automation and products. We run both the public cloud and our own bare metal because we demand the best performance. And, we are just getting started.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>The Team</strong></h3>
<p>Our AI Search team is a remote-first, multicultural group committed to innovation and inclusion. We focus on three key areas of search: Understanding, Ranking, and Retrieval. We are looking for a Product Leader to drive the long-term vision and execution of AI Search.</p>
<h3><strong>Your Role</strong></h3>
<p>As a <strong>Director of Product for AI Search</strong>, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Define and communicate the strategy, vision, and roadmap for AI Search, working closely with the Executive Leadership Team.</li>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of customer needs, search trends, and emerging technologies to guide product direction.</li>
<li>Align closely with go-to-market teams to drive feature adoption and continuously refine our offerings based on customer feedback.</li>
<li>Partner with engineering and machine learning teams to develop technical product specifications and integrations.</li>
<li>Foster a culture of agility and innovation, promoting rapid prototyping and iterative learning.</li>
<li>Assess product development progress, identify enhancement opportunities, and ensure continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Manage budgets, forecasts, and key performance metrics.</li>
<li>Identify market trends, competitive positioning, and potential strategic partnerships.</li>
<li>Build and lead a world-class team of product managers.</li>
</ul>
<p>You might be a great fit if you have:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Proven experience</strong> in technical B2B product management, preferably in AI, search, or API-driven platforms.</li>
<li><strong>Leadership experience</strong> managing and scaling product management teams.</li>
<li>A <strong>track record of successfully shipping and iterating</strong> on products in an agile development environment.</li>
<li>The ability to <strong>translate complex technical challenges</strong> into strategic business solutions.</li>
<li>Experience engaging with high-profile customers, including presenting roadmaps and gathering feedback.</li>
<li>Strong organisational skills, with the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced startup environment.</li>
<li><strong>Hands-on expertise</strong> with search engines, real-time APIs, and AI/ML-powered products.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>FLEXIBLE WORKPLACE STRATEGY:</strong></p>
<p>Algolia’s flexible workplace model is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individual’s impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and many of our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have a global presence with offices in Paris, NYC, London, Sydney and Bucharest, however we also offer many of our team members the option to work remotely either as fully remote or hybrid-remote employees.<strong> Positions listed as "Remote" are only available for remote work within the specified country. Positions listed within a specific city are only available in that location - depending on the role it may be available with either a hybrid-remote or in-office schedule.</strong></p>
<p><strong>WE’RE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>GRIT</strong> - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.</li>
<li><strong>TRUST </strong>- Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.</li>
<li><strong>CANDOR</strong> - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.</li>
<li><strong>CARE</strong> - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.</li>
<li><strong>HUMILITY</strong> - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.</li>
</ul>
<p>We’re looking for talented, passionate people to help build the world’s best search and discovery technology. We value autonomy, diversity, and collaboration. We’re committed to creating an inclusive workplace where everyone is respected and supported—regardless of race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability, or socioeconomic background.</p>
<p><strong>IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR CANDIDATES - Recruitment Fraud Notice</strong></p>
<p>We’ve recently seen an increase in recruitment scams targeting job seekers. To help protect yourself, please keep the following in mind:</p>
<ul>
<li>Our open positions may appear on third-party job boards, but the <strong>best way to apply safely</strong> is directly through our <strong>careers page</strong>.</li>
<li>All genuine communication from Algolia will come from an <strong>@algolia.com</strong> email address. If you receive an email from someone claiming to work at Algolia who does not have an @algolia.com email address, please do not respond or share any personal information.</li>
<li>We’ll <strong>never ask for payments, purchases, or financial details</strong> during the hiring process.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>READY TO APPLY?</strong></p>
<p>If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the world’s best search &amp; discovery technology, we’d love to review your application!</p></div>