<h2>About us<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></h2>
<p>Graphcore is one of the world’s leading innovators in Artificial Intelligence compute.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>It is developing hardware, software and systems infrastructure that will unlock the next generation of AI breakthroughs and power the widespread adoption of AI solutions across every industry.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>As part of the SoftBank Group, Graphcore is a member of an elite family of companies responsible for some of the world’s most transformative technologies. Together, they share a bold vision: to enable Artificial Super Intelligence and ensure its benefits are accessible to everyone.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>Graphcore’s teams are drawn from diverse backgrounds and bring a broad range of skills and perspectives. A melting pot of AI research specialists, silicon designers, software engineers and systems architects, Graphcore enjoys a culture of continuous learning and constant innovation.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2>Job Summary</h2>
<p>As a Graduate Engineer in the Analysis Tools Team you will work as part of a team developing profiling tools to help users optimise their applications on Graphcore hardware</p>
<h2>The Team</h2>
<p>The Analysis Tools team builds profiling tools to help users optimise their applications for Graphcore hardware. The team is responsible for collecting profiling information from the hardware and software, processing the profiling data and presenting it to the user via libraries, command line tools and graphical applications.</p>
<h2>Responsibilities and Duties</h2>
<ul>
<li>Design, development and testing of features for profiling.</li>
<li>Fixing bugs and supporting customers.</li>
<li>Knowledge sharing and collaborating with other engineers in the team.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Candidate Profile</h2>
<p>Essential:</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Maths, Machine Learning, Data Science, or related field</li>
<li>Experience in developing web applications using TypeScript and modern frameworks (ideally React).</li>
<li>Problem-solving skills and ability to debug and resolve issues.</li>
<li>Communication and collaboration skills.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Desirable:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience using C++ or Rust.</li>
<li>Experience with performance profiling tools.</li>
<li>Experience with relational databases.</li>
<li>Understanding of memory management, multithreading, and hardware utilisation.</li>
<li>Knowledge of continuous integration/continuous delivery pipelines and build tools</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits</h2>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, Graphcore offers flexible working, a generous annual leave policy, private medical insurance and health cash plan, a dental plan, pension (matched up to 5%), life assurance and income protection. We have a generous parental leave policy and an employee assistance programme (which includes health, mental wellbeing, and bereavement support). We offer a range of healthy food and snacks at our central Bristol office and have our own barista bar! We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>