<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><h3><strong>Early Career Marketing Associate (12-Month Contract)</strong></h3>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>London, UK (Hybrid - 2 days per week in office)</p>
<p><strong>Get to know Okta</strong></p>
<p>Okta is The World’s Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology, anywhere, on any device or app. Our flexible and neutral products, Okta Platform and Auth0 Platform, provide secure access, authentication, and automation, placing identity at the core of business security and growth.</p>
<p>At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - we’re looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Join our team! We’re building a world where Identity belongs to you.</p>
<h4><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h4>
<p>At Okta, we're on a mission to securely connect everyone to everything. Our marketing team is at the heart of telling this story, building our brand, and driving demand for our products. We are looking for a passionate and creative individual to kick-start their career with us.</p>
<p>This 12-month placement is a unique opportunity to get hands-on experience across a wide range of marketing activities.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What You’ll Be Doing</strong></h3>
<p>This role is a mix of being creative and getting things done. You won’t just be watching from the sidelines, you’ll be contributing to programs that generate interest and leads for our sales team.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Finding New Customers:</strong> Help the team launch and track campaigns. You’ll learn how we find people who might want to buy our products and how we keep them moving through to paying customers.</li>
<li><strong>Creating Content:</strong> You’ll help write and post interesting updates for our internal Slack channels and for our teams to share externally. You’ll learn how to change your writing style depending on who the audience is (for example, external: writing for an executive vs. writing for a tech user or internal: writing for one department vs another)&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Learning the Tech Tools:</strong> Learning how to use tools (like Salesforce, Tableau and Marketo) to see how campaigns are performing and presenting that information to the business.</li>
<li><strong>Organising Events:</strong> Help us plan and run everything from online webinars to big in-person conferences. You’ll be a key part of the team that makes sure our guests have a great experience.</li>
<li><strong>Helping the Sales Team:</strong> You’ll work with our sales teams to make sure the Leads that are generated are moved through the funnel.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>You won’t be doing this alone. You’ll be paired with a mentor who will show you the ropes and help you get comfortable with marketing in a large dynamic technology company</p>
<p>By the end of this internship, you will have…</p>
<ol>
<li>Run a campaign from start to finish.</li>
<li>Helped develop a marketing strategy.</li>
<li>Learned how to use professional software used by the world’s biggest companies.Helped deliver a major industry event.</li>
<li>Develop core marketing operations skills.</li>
</ol>
<h4><strong>What You’ll Bring to the Table</strong></h4>
<p>We’re looking for someone who is genuinely curious and ready to get stuck in. Whether you learned the ropes in a classroom or you’ve been building things on your own, we care about your potential and your drive to learn.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Your Background:</strong> Ideally, you’re currently studying or have a degree in something like Marketing, Business, or Communications. But if you’ve taken a different path or you’re a self-taught marketing fan, we still want to hear from you!</li>
<li><strong>Into Tech:</strong> You like technology. You’re interested in how it works and how it helps companies grow.</li>
<li><strong>A Natural Storyteller:</strong> You’re good with words. You can take a big, complicated idea and explain it in a way that’s easy and interesting for anyone to read.</li>
<li><strong>A Problem Solver:</strong> You don’t wait to be told what to do. If you hit a wall, you’re happy to ask questions, do a bit of research, and try to find a way through it.</li>
<li><strong>Organised &amp; Sharp:</strong> You can keep a few plates spinning at once without letting the small details slip through the cracks.</li>
<li><strong>The Commitment:</strong> You’re ready to jump in and be a full-time part of our team for 12 months coming into the London office in Farringdon 2 days a week.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You’ve run a blog, a successful social media page, or a personal creative project.</li>
<li>You have a portfolio or examples of things you’ve written or designed.</li>
<li>You’ve helped organise events or clubs in the past.</li>
<li>Comfortable using AI tools to research, create content, or improve productivity.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you’re excited to learn how marketing works inside a fast-growing global technology company, we’d love to hear from you.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>