<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></span></p>
<p>Airbnb’s public policy team exists to further the interests of our community of hosts and guests with politicians, regulators, opinion leaders and others who shape the political and legal context for our business, helping them to understand the significant social and economic contributions of our platform. Across the EMEA region, we are engaged in well over a hundred local conversations and negotiations with governments big and small.&nbsp; We engage governments at local, regional and national levels directly and also use innovative advocacy and partnership strategies that actively involve our community and our stakeholders in making the case for fair, progressive home sharing rules and travel affordability..&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make</strong></p>
<p>The Head of Government Relations and Policy Campaigns, Italy is responsible for developing and executing fully integrated Policy strategic engagement plans in the region and leading the local team, under the direction of the Director of Public Policy and Campaigns, EMEA. The successful candidate will use all available strategies, informed by data and insights, that aims to protect and further the legitimacy of Airbnb and our community.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p><strong>Leadership: </strong>Your primary responsibility is team leadership - line managing an energetic, and passionate group of experts, in Policy and Strategic Engagement, who deliver complementary strands of work to serve the overall strategy. You inspire others to get behind a common vision and you deploy first-rate organisational skills to ensure that your strategy is executed, targets are set, and projects are delivered, on time and on budget.</p>
<p><strong>Team culture and performance management: </strong>You create and maintain an inclusive culture and ways of working for your team, in line with Airbnb’s Core Values, and you are committed to embracing diversity and fostering belonging. You are accountable for performance management and feedback in line with the Company’s expectations, and also recruitment and succession planning. You empower members of your team to work on local and regional projects that develop their professional, operational and strategic skills.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Strategy Development and cross functional alignment: </strong>You determine an appropriate strategy for each priority geography in the region, as determined through close collaboration with the business leader in the territory. You define the ultimate policy goals and priorities, and develop operational plans that deliver measurable progress towards those goals in partnership with your local team. These plans and strategies are always founded on high-quality insights and data analysis, and are well aligned with Airbnb’s global approach. You also develop these strategies in close collaboration with colleagues on the wider EMEA team who have expertise in the core campaign functions, and have a regional perspective on best practices and learnings.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Communication and Accountability:</strong> You work with your local Airbnb Leadership (e.g. Country Manager, marketing lead, legal counsel, Comms, etc.) to align Government engagement, policy partnerships and campaign plans with critical business priorities and outcomes. You ensure that internal stakeholders understand the campaign strategy plans, that decisions are made in a timely manner, and that information is flowing smoothly to everyone with a “need to know”. You ensure that progress is being reported regularly, and that roadblocks and successes are being flagged appropriately. You are able to confidently communicate with senior leaders about your campaign’s priorities, to manage expectations where required and to coordinate with other teams to achieve greater goals.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>External Advocacy: </strong>you represent Airbnb at the most senior political levels in your geography, and with the media. You ensure that Airbnb builds and maintains relationships with the widest possible network of contacts in local, regional and national legislative, executive and administrative offices, and also with coalitions who can advance Airbnb’s advocacy initiatives.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 20 years experience working with complex political or regulatory issues in relevant business or non-governmental organisation, or in a political, governmental or regulatory context. Ideally, this experience has been built in travel, urbanism or technology.</li>
<li>Ability to navigate a complex political or regulatory environment. Advanced knowledge of the political landscape and legislative processes in Italy, Greece and the EU, Israel a plus.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to quickly get up to speed on complex technical and regulatory issues, and understand how these can be managed using a broad range of campaigning strategies;</li>
<li>Senior leadership experience, with track record of managing, supporting and developing diverse multidisciplinary teams; Proven ability in core management skills - effective delegation, empowerment, performance management, coaching and talent development;</li>
<li>Experience of managing complex projects with multiple stakeholders. Ability to multi-task by prioritizing work and coordinating required support across various functions to achieve project goals and objectives</li>
<li>Excellent strategist, creative thinker and expert communicator (spokesperson) , with great interpersonal, writing and presentation skills;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Self-starter with a good sense of humor and the ability to thrive in a fast moving and sometimes stressful environment.</li>
<li>Candidates must speak fluent Italian and English. An additional European language would be an asset. You must submit your application in English.</li>
<li>This role is located in Rome but can involve working from home, with frequent travel to countries in SEE and Brussels, and also to our global headquarters in San Francisco.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">Italy Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€132.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€165.000 EUR</span></div></div></div>