Contentsquare is the all-in-one experience intelligence platform designed to be easily used by anyone who cares about digital journeys. With our flexible and scalable platform, organizations quickly get a deep understanding of their customers’ whole online journey.

We are a global leader in the experience analytics space, with a growing presence across 15 offices worldwide. We’re here to stay—and we’re looking for team members who are excited to drive impact and help us scale even further.

Our aim is to create an inclusive workplace where everyone learns and succeeds. Contentsquare has built a community of individuals who are daring, understanding, and deliberate. We invite you to join us in making the complex simpler—for our customers, their customers, and each other.

*Important note: Be careful of scammers pretending to be from Contentsquare. We will never ask for money or contact you through random texts. Any communication from our in house Talent Acquisition team will only ever come from our [contentsquare.com](http://contentsquare.com) or @contentsquare-ext.com domain. For more information, visit our careers blog.*

**About the job**

Reporting to the Senior Payroll Manager based in Paris, you will play a crucial role in supporting our international payroll operations. In this dynamic and evolving role, you will have the opportunity to manage and become an expert in payroll processes across multiple countries, ensuring accuracy and compliance while maintaining an employee-centric approach. You will also contribute to ongoing projects such as opening new entities, automation, and improving payroll processes and efficiencies.

**What you’ll do**

Transmit variable information to payroll providers for the preparation of payslips.

Control payslips and review payroll reports to ensure correctness before transactions.

Manage salary advances and calculate variable payroll inputs, including transportation, meal vouchers, and on-call calculations.

Coordinate with People Operations on payroll changes, including employee leavers, new hires, and role changes; update data with salary or wage adjustments.

Process financial compensations or deductions such as bonuses and severance pay.

Prepare simulations for indemnities related to terminations and dismissals for the HR department.

Collect, enter, and upload payroll data; prepare and extract payroll reports; manage related tasks.

Provide support to team members and employees, addressing queries as needed.

Ensure compliance with relevant laws and internal policies.

Undertake ad-hoc tasks and provide coverage for absences to ensure continuous workflow.

**What you’ll need to succeed**

Experience in a similar or equivalent position within HR and/or Payroll, demonstrating familiarity with payroll or finance processes.

Exceptional time management, analytical, and investigative skills, enabling you to handle competing timelines and priorities with accuracy and efficiency while upholding high standards.

Proficiency in Excel (preferred) or Google Sheets, including advanced functions and calculation abilities.

Comfortable with relevant tools such as ADP Celergo, Papaya Payroll, Atlas or similar.

Strong critical thinking skills.

Ability to work effectively as part of a team, fostering support and growth among team members

Fluent in written and spoken English; proficiency in additional languages such as French, Spanish, Italian, or German is advantageous.

**Nice-to-have**

Experience working in the Tech / SAAS sector is beneficial but not essential.

Experience working on Workday Financials and/ or HCM

**Why you should join Contentsquare**

We invest in our people through career development, mentorship, social events, philanthropic activities, and competitive benefits. We are always assessing the perks we offer to ensure we’re aligned with the employees' needs.

Here are a few we want to highlight:

- Virtual onboarding, Hackathon, and various opportunities to interact with your team and global colleagues both on and offsite each year

- Work flexibility: hybrid and remote work policies

- Generous paid time-off policy (every location is different)

- Lifestyle allowance

- A Culture Crew in every country we’re based in to coordinate regular activities for employees to get to know each other and bond outside of work

- Every full-time employee receives stock options, allowing them to share in the company’s success

- We have multiple Employee Resource Groups, that offer a safe space for individuals who share common identities, life experiences, or allyship to connect, support one another, and passionately advocate for the issues close to their hearts

- And more benefits tailored to each country

*Contentsquare is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.*

*Your personal data is used by Contentsquare for recruitment purposes only. Read our* [*Job Candidate Privacy Notice*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/) *to find out more about data protection at Contentsquare and your rights. You can exercise your rights by using our dedicated Data Subject Rights Portal* [*here*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/data-subject-request-portal/)*.*

*Your personal data will be securely stored in our hosting provider’s data center in Oregon (US west). We have implemented appropriate transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection laws.*

*Contentsquare may use AI-assisted tools to help review and screen applications. All decisions involving hiring are made by human reviewers, and your personal data will be processed in accordance with our*[*Candidate Privacy Policy*](https://contentsquare.com/fr-fr/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/)*.*