<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p>The Employer Branding Specialist is instrumental in bringing our employer brand to life across multiple touchpoints. As part of a newly formed team within our fast-growing, international company, this role offers a unique opportunity to help lay the groundwork for global employer branding efforts.</p>
<p>In a dynamic environment where many initiatives are moving at once, the Specialist ensures smooth execution of campaigns, events, and content delivery. This includes managing logistics, publishing content across channels, and keeping stakeholders aligned, all while maintaining consistency in tone and timing.</p>
<p>This role will support content creation and channel development, helping to build and scale Nebius’ employer brand presence across social and digital platforms.</p>
<p>By turning strategy into action, the Specialist directly contributes to the scale, visibility, and impact of our employer brand as we continue to grow.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Coordinate the execution of employer branding campaigns, ensuring timely delivery of assets and alignment with campaign plans&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support the preparation, formatting, publishing, and&nbsp;creation of content&nbsp;across careers website, social media, and internal channels, in collaboration with the team&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create visual and social content (e.g. posts, templates, event highlights) using tools such as Canva, Figma, or similar&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with the Design team to ensure all content aligns with Nebius brand guidelines and visual identity</li>
<li>Support the development and maintenance of employer branding channels (e.g. LinkedIn Life, careers site, and future channels such as Instagram or YouTube)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Manage the logistics for employer branding events such as career fairs, internal activations, and virtual campaigns, including vendor coordination, materials preparation, and on-site support&nbsp;</li>
<li>Liaise with internal teams (e.g. Talent Acquisition, HR, Marketing) and external partners to help execute planned branding activities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Maintain campaign calendars, content plans, and asset libraries to ensure smooth coordination and visibility across the team&nbsp;</li>
<li>Help gather data and feedback on campaign and content performance, engagement, and reach to support reporting and continuous improvement</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>2–5 years of experience in employer branding (ideally), marketing, communications, or a related field, ideally in a fast-paced or international environment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong project coordination skills, with the ability to manage multiple tasks, timelines, and stakeholders simultaneously&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience creating or supporting content for social media and digital platforms (e.g. LinkedIn, Instagram, content management systems)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Design or content creation skills (e.g. Canva, Figma, Adobe, or similar) are a plus</li>
<li>Strong communication and collaboration skills, with experience working cross-functionally across teams such as Talent Acquisition, Marketing, and Communications&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail and a commitment to delivering high-quality, brand-consistent outputs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comfort working in a fast-growing, evolving environment, with a proactive mindset and a hands-on approach</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>