<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote,München
</p>

<p>Are you driven by the challenge of crafting impactful product visions and strategies for diverse clients? Do you excel in a leading role, empowering and inspiring product teams to transform those visions into reality? Are you a strategic thinker who thrives on facilitating collaborative workshops, analyzing data, and leveraging AI to inform inclusive product decisions? If you're ready to take ownership of developing and delivering innovative product strategies that guide both internal teams and clients toward shared, sustainable goals, and if you're passionate about positioning our agency as a true strategic partner, we want to connect with you.</p>You possess a proven track record of developing and delivering successful product visions and strategies, demonstrating a clear understanding of the "why" and "how" behind product decisions. You are skilled in facilitating inclusive workshops and leading discussions to gather input from diverse stakeholders, ensuring all voices are heard. You are data-informed and proficient in using analytics to guide product strategies. You have a keen interest in and understanding of how AI can be leveraged to enhance product strategy and vision, with an emphasis on ethical and responsible applications. You communicate complex ideas clearly and persuasively, adapting your style to diverse audiences.<ul><li><p>Leading key strategic client projects to develop and deliver product recommendations that provide clear, compelling direction and enable intuitive decision-making.</p></li><li><p>Actively contributing to the continuous improvement and development of our product management team's strategic capabilities, including the creation of new tools, templates, and methodologies.</p></li><li><p>Staying ahead of industry trends, especially in strategic thinking, ethical AI applications, and inclusive market analysis, and sharing this knowledge with colleagues and clients through accessible presentations, workshops, and thought leadership.</p></li><li><p>Leading projects from initial strategic direction to final delivery, ensuring that the product vision is maintained throughout the process and that high-quality, visionary solutions are achieved with a consultative approach,&nbsp;with a focus on accessibility and user-centered design.</p></li><li><p>Understanding the technical aspects of implementing digital solutions and ensuring alignment with the product vision and strategic roadmap, from initial requirements to concept and development.</p></li><li><p>Collaborating closely with interdisciplinary teams (UXD, Service Design, Tech, etc.) to translate product visions and strategies into tangible, impactful results that align with the overall strategic objectives.</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>5+ years of experience with a focus on product management in an agile &amp; digital environment</p></li><li><p>Demonstrated ability to develop and execute product strategies.</p></li><li><p>Proficiency in English (German is a plus, but not required)</p></li><li><p>A passion for advocating for cutting-edge Product Management practices, empowering clients to make informed decisions.</p></li><li><p>A proactive approach to taking ownership and driving projects and teams to success.</p></li><li><p>Sharing your knowledge and ideas is part of your DNA</p></li><li><p>Excellent communication skills, enabling you to work effectively with clients and colleagues at all levels.</p></li><li><p>A collaborative and supportive attitude, believing in the power of teamwork.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>You love what you do</p></li></ul><strong>Purpose-Driven Impact:</strong> Your vision for a sustainable and equitable future will find a home here. Together, we'll make a tangible difference.<br><br><strong>Future Shaping:</strong> Collaborate with diverse cross-functional teams and clients who share our commitment to positive change.<br><br><strong>Sustainability in Action:</strong> We are dedicated to translating our values into concrete actions.<br><strong>Inclusive Culture:</strong> Join a supportive, open-minded team that values open feedback and interdisciplinary collaboration.<br><br><strong>Flexible Work:</strong> Enjoy flexible hours, part-time options, hybrid work, and workation possibilities.<br><br><strong>Transparent Practices:</strong> We practice genuine transparency, sharing company reports, financials, salary policies, and promotion structures.<br><br><strong>Comprehensive Benefits:</strong> Benefit from skill-based pay, loyalty rewards, company pension, childcare allowance, and performance bonuses.<br><br><strong>Empowered Tool Selection:</strong> Choose the tools and software that best suit your needs.<br><br><strong>Additional Perks:</strong> Access corporate health and sports programs with Wellpass, a Jobbike, free drinks, VWL allowance, and more.

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dieproduktmacher-gmbh-senior-product-manager-m-w-d-x">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dieproduktmacher-gmbh-senior-product-manager-m-w-d-x</a></p>