<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE TEAM:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>We’re looking for an Operations Manager, ideally with experience in KYC, Consulting, Operations, Finance, or Technology. In this role you’ll become a key member of Tide’s KYC Operations team scaling our presence in the UK and our European markets. This role will expose you to teams from across the company - including Customer Support, Marketing, Finance, Tech, and Product - as well as our third party KYC vendors and Tide customers - who we call members.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As an Operations Manager at Tide, you’ll join an ambitious team of highly motivated, talented Tideans who love to collaborate and are driven by helping people achieve their business ambitions.&nbsp; We live and breathe our values, which are to put our members first, work as one team and be data driven.</p>
<h3><br>ABOUT THE ROLE:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Scaling and optimising our UK and Europe focused operations for the onboarding, event driven reviews, and screening teams</li>
<li>Monitoring acquisition funnel operating performance and KPIs (e.g. commercial targets, conversion rates, or other key results) and investigating and raising deviations</li>
<li>Managing and updating financial models for headcount and budget planning, ensuring operational resources align with growth targets</li>
<li>Creating dashboards and analysing operational performance, defining performance metrics, escalating performance issues, and understanding the root cause of sub-optimal processes</li>
<li>Proactively analysing and solving problems through collaboration with technical and non-technical teams to arrive at the right solution</li>
<li>Be the essential link between KYC operational and product teams, looking for improvements on both sides, with the ultimate goal of increasing conversion and mitigating financial crime risk</li>
<li>Liaising with vendors in case of incidents and performance issues</li>
<li>Building, optimising and advocating for scalable processes that are clearly defined and documented</li>
<li>Owning and delivering non-technical projects and supporting product and marketing to manage coordination of cross-functional technical projects</li>
<li>Manipulating data using Excel and other visualisation tools to provide actionable insights - you’ll have a way with numbers</li>
</ul>
<h3><br>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>You speak fluent English; German/French/Italian speaking skills are advantageous</li>
<li>You have 3+ years’ experience in a fast-paced environment as a Management Consultant, Analyst, Operations Analyst, Product Analyst, Business Analyst, or Operations Manager</li>
<li>You enjoy working with data and have experience with business analytics tools (Excel and SQL); you are comfortable managing financial inputs and headcount models to support departmental budgeting.</li>
<li>You are logical and see data as a crucial part of decision-making but know when to stop analysing and start acting</li>
<li>You thrive as a generalist and can wear many different hats concurrently</li>
<li>You are proactive, resilient, and willing to spend the time it takes to discover where a problem lies and not stop until it's solved</li>
<li>You are customer-focused and a team player</li>
<li>You are okay with ambiguity and enjoy working in a complex, technical industry</li>
<li>Previous experience in an analytical role (consulting, banking, or professional services) is advantageous</li>
</ul>
<h3><br>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:&nbsp;</h3>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li>25 days paid annual leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Extended maternity and paternity leave covered by the company</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional health &amp; dental insurance</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fully covered Multisports card</li>
<li>Food vouchers</li>
<li>Snacks, light food, drinks in the office</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance</li>
<li>Flexible working from home</li>
<li>Sabbatical Leave</li>
<li>Transportation bonus to cover office commute under the hybrid work arrangement</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>