<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Our company, Wolt License Services (WLS), is a dynamic organization specializing in payment and financial services for our parent company Wolt, a prominent platform marketplace, and Wolt’s customers. WLS currently manages all merchant payment flows across over 20 markets, ensuring strict adherence to regulatory requirements, including AML, safeguarding customer funds, and maintaining robust internal controls. As a licensed and supervised payment and e-money institution, we are committed to upholding the highest standards of integrity, transparency, and efficiency in our operations.</p>
<p>As we continue to expand our financial services and drive innovation, we are seeking to strengthen our regulatory compliance capabilities by recruiting a highly skilled and experienced Money Laundering Reporting Officer (MLRO) to join our team in Finland. The MLRO will be responsible for overseeing and managing the institution's compliance with AML (Anti-Money Laundering) and CTF (Counter-Terrorist Financing) regulations. This role requires a deep understanding of Compliance regulatory requirements, risk management and effective communication with regulatory authorities. The MLRO will play a crucial role in safeguarding the institution against financial crime. The role would be reporting to the Head of Risk &amp; Compliance.</p>
<h2>What you'll be doing</h2>
<p><strong>Regulatory Compliance:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure the institution's operations comply with Finnish, relevant EEA, and International AML/CTF laws and regulations.</li>
<li>Serve as the main point of contact with regulatory bodies in Finland and law enforcement agencies concerning AML/CTF issues, including the submission of suspicious activity reports (SARs) and other related reports.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Risk Assessment and Management:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Implement, and maintain a comprehensive AML/CTF risk management framework to identify, monitor, and mitigate potential risks.</li>
<li>Conduct regular risk assessments and audits to ensure the effectiveness of the AML/CTF controls in place.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Policy Development and Implementation:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop, maintain and implement AML/CTF policies and procedures to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory changes.</li>
<li>Collaborate with senior management to integrate AML/CTF considerations into the strategic development of new products and services.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Reporting and Analysis:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prepare and submit detailed AML/CTF reports to senior management and relevant authorities, summarising key findings, trends, and compliance metrics.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Training and Awareness:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design and deliver regular training programs for employees, fostering a culture of compliance and raising awareness about AML/CTF obligations.</li>
<li>Ensure all staff understand their responsibilities under the AML/CTF framework and know how to report suspicious activities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Collaboration and Communication:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with internal outsourced teams, such as product, IT security, and operations, to ensure a coordinated approach to AML/CTF compliance.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business, Law, Finance or a related field.</li>
<li>Relevant experience and proven ability to independently design, implement, and oversee AML compliance and risk controls and processes.</li>
<li>Minimum of 7 years of experience in AML/CTF compliance, preferably within the financial services or payments industry.</li>
<li>Proven track record of successfully managing regulatory relationships and compliance programs</li>
<li>In-depth knowledge of Finnish and EEA AML/CTF regulations, and an understanding of the latest trends and challenges in the field.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail in reviewing complex transactions and identifying red flags.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to effectively interact with regulatory authorities, internal teams, and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Ability to work independently, prioritize tasks, and manage multiple projects simultaneously.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next Steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going! Please note that we do not accept applications sent by mail. You should submit your application through our careers website in English.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>