<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>This is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal difference in the global HR-tech space as <strong>Managing Counsel - Partnerships</strong>. We are looking for a seasoned and business-oriented commercial lawyer who is interested in helping with our team's mission, namely: <em>to deliver pragmatic and innovative legal solutions for Remote's products and stakeholders while protecting Remote from unacceptable risk.</em> This role is a senior individual contributor role with no managerial responsibilities. It will be part of the Employment, Product and Commercial Legal sub-team.</p>
<p>As an independent senior lawyer, you will primarily support our global partnership deals, including embedded, resell, and other channel arrangements. Additionally, you will provide critical support for the EMEA sales team, tag-teaming with the existing EMEA sales and DP counsel to ensure seamless regional coverage.</p>
<p>Remote's well established Legal team is a bunch of friendly, talented and highly motivated lawyers from a whole host of different countries with some awesome experiences, and we are looking for a great match for them.</p>
<h2>What you bring</h2>
<ul>
<li>Partnership and embedded/reseller/channel agreement experience is a requirement, as you will lead the structuring and negotiating of strategic, embedded and channel partnerships.</li>
<li>Expertise in supporting commercial transactions, particularly enterprise-level SaaS agreements and global sales support.</li>
<li>Prior HR Tech industry experience or familiarity with bespoke HR services agreements is beneficial, though not required.</li>
<li>Solid commercial drafting skills are critical for this role, with the ability to craft clear, precise, and enforceable partnership frameworks that protect Remote's interests while facilitating scaling through partners.</li>
<li>Strong negotiation skills with the ability to develop creative, practical solutions for complex commercial and business challenges.</li>
<li>Sharp commercial instincts and strategic thinking, with a focus on driving business success while effectively navigating legal complexities. You are commercially minded and comfortable letting go of immaterial points in contract negotiations to keep deals moving forward efficiently.</li>
<li>Strong working knowledge of data protection laws, especially GDPR, is essential for managing partnership data flows. Prior background in U.S. data protection laws is also a plus.</li>
<li>Proven ability to excel in a fast-paced environment, maintaining responsiveness and adaptability under pressure (you can take the heat and keep moving forward).</li>
<li>Strong capacity to work independently while collaborating effectively with Partnerships, Finance, Product and other functional teams—you're confident in your expertise but always open to learning, and you prioritize team success over personal ego.</li>
<li>Outstanding ability to build trusted relationships with Partnership and other GTM stakeholders while maintaining independent legal judgment.</li>
<li>You know when to be flexible and when to push back firmly on unreasonable requests, always acting as a strategic business partner rather than a bottleneck.</li>
<li>A healthy dose of humor and humility that makes you a joy to work with.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Key Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Strategize, draft, and negotiate complex partnership agreements, including embedded services, channel/reseller agreements, and referral programs.</li>
<li>Partner closely with Partnerships, Sales, Finance and other cross-functional teams to structure and review partnership agreements that align with business objectives while mitigating legal and operational risks.</li>
<li>Develop and improve templates, playbooks, processes and other knowledge resources around partnership deals.</li>
<li>When bandwidth permitting, serve as an additional legal point of contact for EMEA sales, collaborating with existing regional counsel to review, redline, and negotiate commercial agreements.</li>
<li>Provide legal training and guidance to Partnership and other GTM stakeholders to empower them with the tools and knowledge necessary to navigate complex commercial issues effectively.</li>
<li>Bring a solutions-focused mindset to every negotiation, minimizing roadblocks and resolving issues without unnecessary escalation.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Practicals</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong> Senior Director</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Legal- Employment, Product and Commercial</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: For this position we welcome everyone to apply, but we will prioritise applications from EMEA time zones, with AMER East Coast time zone as secondary preference</li>
<li><strong>Start date:</strong> As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Interview with recruiter</li>
<li>Interview with hiring manager</li>
<li>Written exercise</li>
<li>Interview with legal team and stakeholders</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Bar-Raiser-Interviews-145cb4dadab4805386fbed0892ae0f53?pvs=21">Bar Raiser Interview</a></li>
<li>Reference check</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Veremark-Remote-96e108c037b8423cbd4c3f07a1f9b38b?pvs=21">Prior employment verification check</a></li>
</ol>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span class="notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">#LI-DNP</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$66,300</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$149,150 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>