**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

## Main Responsibilities

- Be a part of a dynamic team that works across all strategic ad product initiatives.
- Develop and manage the strategic relationships with our key agencies and advertisers, both accelerating the existing traditional and digital media business as well as helping unlock completely new client relationships.
- Consult key advertisers and agencies on how to leverage our partners with the objective of growing their business or delivering business and marketing objectives.
- Educate advertisers and agencies on our partner products through onsite presentations and one-on-one training.
- Attend industry events and conferences to generate new business leadsTrack revenue performance across the business portfolio, determine and action corrective measures where needed.
- Ownership over the commercial success, full accountability, and strategic steering of short-term and long-term KPIs
- Be creative, to be able to come up with new ideas to improve customer service standards

## Core And Functional Skills And Knowledge:

- You have a Bachelor’s degree or higher, preferably in Marketing, Digital Marketing, Economics, Social Sciences or similar
- You have minimum 5 years of Sales experience, focused on large accounts: creating, maintaining, and enhancing customer relationships
- You have experience with online advertising, analytics, and social mediaYou have strong commercial skills (responsible for direct revenue)
- You demonstrate the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environmentYou possess solid project management skills
- A proven track record of success in growing and maintaining accounts

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH