<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p>We are hiring for this role in Japan. Your exact location within the country does not matter as the role is not office-based. There will be onsite travel to provide in-person support to customers in Tokyo.</p>
<p><strong>What you will be doing:</strong></p>
<p>We are currently growing our support team at ClickHouse who provides excellent service to our customers around the world. We hope to find you ready to take on a large variety of tasks related to our customers locally in Japan, as well as more regionally across APJ and EMEA. This is a customer-facing role that will include some onsite customer visits in Japan.&nbsp; You will be owning a wide variety of tasks: from support tickets to community support, helping with both pre- and post-sales customer activities, partnering with our Go To Market team on deeply technical aspects of POCs, and suggesting improvements to how we do things in Support at ClickHouse. This is a great opportunity for someone ready to roll up their sleeves and help us expand our regional presence in Japan!&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of projects you might contribute to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with the Support Services team, Engineering, and Product Management to help define functionality required by users and customers</li>
<li>Develop solutions based on ClickHouse Cloud and ClickHouse open-source that can be shared with our users, community, and customers via documentation, knowledge base, blogs, meetups, webinars, and training</li>
<li>Assist with mentoring, training, and sharing your knowledge with colleagues, users, and customers&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>And of course:</p>
<ul>
<li>You will deliver excellent customer service as a front-line engineer and representative of ClickHouse. Our Support Engineers provide professional response, on-call coverage, and guidance within the required Service Level Agreement ("SLA") on technical cases that are opened via a ticketing system, email, Slack, and/or phone</li>
<li>You will build strong, trusted relationships with colleagues, customers, and partners</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you will bring along:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience within a technical support organization</li>
<li>Technical breadth and depth in relevant subjects, for example: ClickHouse DBMS or similar OLAP or SQL databases, experience with Cloud/SaaS platforms, Linux/Unix experience, experience with Kubernetes and containers, System or Network Administration experience</li>
<li>Be present and available according to the scheduling and onsite travel required to deliver high-quality 24x7 Support in a global, distributed environment</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills in both Japanese and English</li>
<li>Experience in a customer-facing role that entailed pre- and post-sales support, solution or sales engineering, consulting, and/or training</li>
<li>A mindset of teamwork, global engagement, empathy, and solving challenging problems</li>
<li>A sense of adventure and urgency in building the most scalable, highest performing, largest, and fastest databases on the planet</li>
<li>Self-driven, curious, and eager to continuously learn and grow</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated success in collaborating with software developers, product managers, account representatives, and a user Community to deliver an amazing user and customer experience</li>
<li>Passion for applying open-source software technology to massive data sets in order to solve complex questions and improve the world in which we live</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>