<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>World-class customer service is one of the cornerstones of Wolt 💙 Over the years we have invested a lot in our in-house built support tooling. Why? Because we're convinced it's the secret sauce that ensures smiles on the faces of our customers and partners across all 30 countries that we operate in. We take huge pride in our customer operations’ quality, so on top of building delightful support experiences in our consumer app we also aim to uncover and tackle issues before our customers and partners even notice something might be wrong.</p>
<p>In a nutshell, the Support Productivity team is building world-class internal tools for our customer, merchant and courier support. Support is a big deal for us and we will do our best to keep our 25M+ registered customers, 200.000+ courier partners, and 100.000+ restaurant and retail partners happy. Support Productivity is a new team is playing a key role in this equation and it takes some real serious work from our dedicated support teams in each of the 30 countries to ensure the satisfaction of those customers and partners&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are building several admin applications on top of our inhouse chat application to provide a custom support platform that is scalable, reliable and efficient. Our tool supports several thousand concurrent users on top of our in-house chat application built to serve 20mil+ conversations each month.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>So, if you're ready to roll up your sleeves and craft tools that match the same level of quality and passion we dedicate to creating our external solutions, you've found your tribe at Wolt! 💙</strong></p>
<p>📍This role can be based in our tech hub in Tallinn or Helsinki.</p>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li><strong>Develop responsive and user-friendly interfaces</strong> using modern frameworks such as React + TypeScript</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate with cross-functional teams</strong> to translate designs and requirements into functional features.</li>
<li><strong>Ensure performance, scalability, and accessibility</strong> of web applications across browsers and devices.</li>
<li><strong>Debug, test, and maintain codebases</strong> to ensure reliability and quality.</li>
<li><strong>Stay updated with frontend technologies</strong> and implement best practices.</li>
</ol>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Frontend experience with focus on React.js and TypeScript,</li>
<li>Testing experience is considered as a plus (unit testing - Jest, react-testing-library),</li>
<li>Experience in building scalable and efficient frontend applications&nbsp;</li>
<li>Curiosity and willingness to learn</li>
<li>Ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders</li>
<li>Product thinking - you should not only do what’s being told, but participate in conversations, and challenge the proposed solutions</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with backend is a benefit (NodeJs, Python, MongoDB).&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps:</strong></h2>
<p>These positions will be filled as soon as we find the right persons, so make sure to apply as soon as you realize you really, really want to join us!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc?si=FzuwoSOLcv5WZVRN" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>