<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>Okta’s Sales Development Representatives are high energy professionals that drive the&nbsp;demand, awareness, and interest for our market-leading cloud Security solutions. You will&nbsp;partner and collaborate closely with members of our Account Executive and Marketing teams to&nbsp;generate qualified sales leads, set meetings, and yield new deal opportunities. We're looking for&nbsp;professionals with strong organizational and follow up skills who work well in a team</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Uncover and approach prospects to generate new business opportunities to fuel the<br>sales pipeline</li>
<li>Help create and prioritize strategic target account lists within a defined territory</li>
<li>Research and build new and existing accounts (i.e.: adding contacts, emails, strategic<br>calling)</li>
<li>Conduct high-level conversations with Senior Executives in prospect accounts</li>
<li>Evangelize Okta and the On-Demand mode</li>
<li>Achieve monthly quotas of qualified opportunities and closed business</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous prospecting experience</li>
<li>Experience in working to sales targets, KPIs or under time pressure would be a plus</li>
<li>Salesforce.com experience</li>
<li>Excellent written/verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills</li>
<li>Highly motivated, driven and self-starting individual who is goal orientated</li>
<li>Ability to work in a fast-paced, team environment</li>
<li>Ability to understand customer needs and meet that need with a successful product sale</li>
<li>Excellent time management/organizational skills</li>
<li>A passion for the Tech/ Saas industry</li>
<li>Fluency in German language &amp; English</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why Us?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive salary &amp; uncapped commission structure!</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Great benefits including pension &amp; medical</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Catered lunches &amp; snack program</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Okta for Good volunteer program so you can give back to your community</span></li>
<li>You’ll attend in-person onboarding in San Francisco to kick off your journey with Okta</li>
<li><a href="https://talent.okta.com/EMEA-xdr-page.html">Learn more about our Global xDR team</a></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-ONSITE</span></p>
<p>P12251\_3387469</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span data-sheets-root="1">Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in Ireland. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and comprehensive healthcare coverage and financial benefits including paid time off and parental leave in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https://rewards.okta.com/irl.<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The OTE range for this position for candidates located in Ireland is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€65.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€65.000 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>