<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p><em>\*This is a Fixed-Term Contract (FTC) for a duration of 12 months.</em></p>
<p>From reviews to user behaviors to internal systems, at Trustpilot, we truly have big data. Every month, more than half a million new reviews are posted on Trustpilot for thousands of businesses. We have now reached 267 million reviews - and that is growing! - from consumers around the world. Our Data Scientists in the GTM Applied AI team leverage this data to build AI/ML models that improve our go-to-market (GTM) efficiency and enhance our pricing and revenue management strategy.</p>
<p>We are seeking a skilled Data Scientist to join our GTM Applied AI team to develop, deploy, and maintain our GTM and Pricing models. You will collaborate closely with our pricing and monetization squad and team of software developers, data analysts and ML engineers to develop, deploy, and maintain innovative AI/ML models at scale. You will be part of a unique journey where data, AI, and ML are at the heart of our product and company strategy. This role offers the opportunity to collaborate broadly across the business, including with our Commercial, Digital Sales, and Applied AI teams, in both B2B and B2C contexts.</p>
<p>To succeed in this role, you should have proven experience in developing and deploying AI/ML models to enhance commercial practices. You have a solid technical background, with hands-on ability in all stages of data preparation, exploration, and modeling. You must have an adaptable commercial mindset and knowledge of the interface between data science and engineering.&nbsp; The ability to develop AI/ML solutions, engage stakeholders, and clearly articulate the impact of your work is necessary for this role. Experience putting solutions into production within an interdisciplinary team is a big plus, and it will be ideal if you also have experience using AI and ML to solve pricing and revenue management problems.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will be involved in delivering some of our most exciting Data Science projects aimed at improving our GTM efficiency and pricing practices: from prediction to ranking, segmentation to NLP, and recommendation systems to content generation.</li>
<li>You will deliver the Data Science component of key strategic initiatives, including owning, maintaining, and deploying production-ready ML/AI models, and analysing data to establish the scope and impact of your work.</li>
<li>You will identify new pricing and monetization opportunities based on data, interpreting model outcomes, and share insights to drive the direction of our business goals.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will engage with both technical and non-technical stakeholders &amp; will translate business requirements into Data Science deliverables.</li>
<li>The opportunity to work with leading data engineering technologies, including Google Vertex AI tools, Google BigQuery, BigQuery Pipelines, and Airflow, with leading Data Science tools and emerging technologies for model building and deployment.</li>
<li>Opportunities to develop your career in a friendly, diverse, innovative, international team and workplace.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with analytical and quantitative problem solving using advanced statistical techniques and machine learning methods, e.g. Attribution, Segmentation, Churn, Upgrade, Upsell, Pricing Optimisation, and LTV.</li>
<li>Experience in building and deploying production-ready ML models, and solid data engineering skills (e.g. experience with cloud technologies - we use GCP, but experience with AWS is also relevant).</li>
<li>Ability in Python and SQL for data manipulation, modelling, and scripting.</li>
<li>You have experience working with large datasets. Knowledge of the data generated by websites or in the e-commerce sector, behavioral analytics, and experience working with data from commercial systems (e.g. Salesforce) is advantageous.</li>
<li>Knowledge of data pipelining and prior experience with cloud-based ML model deployments are beneficial.</li>
<li>Great communication skills - both with technical colleagues and with business stakeholders.</li>
<li>Proven technical experience in a Data Science role, particularly in the technology sector or in a technical consultancy.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you</li>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>25 days holiday per year, increasing to 28 days after 2 years of employment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities are supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Pension and life insurance</li>
<li>Health cash plan, online GP, 24/7, Employee Assistance Plan</li>
<li>Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Season ticket loan and a cycle-to-work scheme</li>
<li>Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for</li>
<li>Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials.</li>
<li>Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts, and more.</li>
<li>Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice</li>
<li>Talent acceleration programs: Fast-track your career with our tailored development programs designed to support growth at whatever stage of your career</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Still not sure?</strong></p>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences along with how you will contribute to our working culture. Even if you don’t feel you meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>