<div class="gmail\_default" style="font-size: small;">
<div>
<p><strong>Why Mozilla?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser. Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, we’re shaping the next 25 years of technology and helping to reclaim an internet built for people, not companies. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more. And we’re doing this while never losing our focus on our core mission – to make the internet better for people.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we aren’t beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with thousands of volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute </span><strong>open-source</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About this team and role:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Firefox developers land code every day to delight users with new features and improve product performance and security. Every day, developers and managers use our team’s applications to develop, build, test, and deliver Mozilla’s core products. We are force-multipliers to enable Firefox developers to do their best work.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Improve Firefox development workflows to reduce time spent testing and debugging test failures as well as more integration/automation of workflows</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with a geographically-distributed development team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mentor other team members and be mentored by more senior team members</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with other teams by providing code review and technical direction</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Look at data, make dashboards, identify trends in Firefox development workflow</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven Python skills, including building services</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Front-end development experience, including JavaScript proficiency</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Python frameworks (e.g., FastAPI, Flask, Django), Cloud Services (e.g., GCP, AWS) and REST</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid understanding of databases and SQL</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with CI/CD systems (e.g., GitHub Actions, CircleCI) and test harnesses</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable working cross-platform, familiar with at least 2 of: Windows, Linux, Mac, Android</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A passion for enhancing developer productivity</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Commitment to our values:</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Welcoming differences</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Being relationship-minded</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Practicing responsible participation</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Having grit</span></li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A deep understanding of version control systems</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with containerization and continuous delivery/deployment, particularly with Docker</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with CI of large scale projects</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable with data analysis</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous performance-based bonus plans to all eligible employees - we share in our success as one team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous retirement contributions with 100% immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">One-time home office stipend</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual professional development budget</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Quarterly well-being stipend</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Considerable paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee referral bonus program</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Other benefits (life/AD&amp;D, disability, EAP, etc. - varies by country)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Mozilla&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.</p>
<p><strong>Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging</strong></p>
<p>Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the company’s core mission.&nbsp; We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientation<span style="color: #003366;">s, </span>gender identities, and expressions.</p>
<p>We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at <a class="external-link" href="mailto:hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com">hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com</a> to request accommodation.</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.&nbsp; Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.</p>
<p>Group: D</p>
<p>#LI-REMOTE</p>
<p>Req ID: R3099</p>
</div>
</div><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><strong>Hiring Ranges:</strong></p></div><div class="title">Remote UK</div><div class="pay-range"><span>£65,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>£87,000 GBP</span></div></div></div>