<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Team</span></strong></p>
<p>Join our dynamic People &amp; Culture team, a core pillar of Raisin, operating in a collaborative matrix structure across Germany, the UK, the US, Spain, and Italy. Our mission is to create a seamless and scalable employee experience that supports personal and organizational growth.</p>
<p>We are an inclusive, globally-minded team committed to simplifying and standardizing people processes, ensuring they are fair, compliant, and supportive of diverse employee needs. We foster a culture of open communication, continuous improvement, and strong cross-functional partnerships.</p>
<p><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="220" data-end="330">Act as a point of contact for employees of Raisin, supporting them throughout the entire employee lifecycle.</li>
<li data-start="220" data-end="330">Handle a broad range of HR administrative tasks, including creating employment contracts, processing parental leave requests, preparing reference letters, and maintaining HRIS data, ensuring accuracy and consistency across regions.</li>
<li data-start="220" data-end="330">Support smooth day-to-day People Operations service delivery by collaborating closely with colleagues in People Operations, HR Business Partnering, People Analytics &amp; Infrastructure, Legal, Payroll, and Enterprise IT.</li>
<li data-start="220" data-end="330">Address employee inquiries and operational issues, escalating complex or sensitive matters to senior team members when appropriate.</li>
<li data-start="220" data-end="330">Independently manage projects on topics such as benefits, onboarding/offboarding, process optimization for subsidiaries, expanding the Confluence knowledge base, and more.</li>
<li data-start="220" data-end="330">Deliver high employee and manager satisfaction with People Operations service delivery.</li>
<li data-start="220" data-end="330">Contribute to consistent and reliable People Operations processes across global locations.</li>
<li data-start="220" data-end="330">Improve operational efficiency through well-maintained documentation and smooth execution of People Operations activities.</li>
<li data-start="220" data-end="330">Build strong collaboration within People Operations and with cross-functional partners.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A university degree or vocational training in human resources, business administration, organizational psychology, or a related field.</li>
<li>At least 4 years of experience in People Operations, preferably in a fast-paced and international environment.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of German labor law; experience with HR practices in the UK, US, Spain, or Italy is a plus.</li>
<li>Confident in decision-making, stakeholder management, and navigating ambiguity.</li>
<li>Proven track record in leading or contributing to digitalization, automation, or process optimization projects.</li>
<li>Passionate about operational excellence and delivering high-quality service with empathy and integrity.</li>
<li>Strong organizational and communication skills, fluent in German with very good English skills.</li>
<li>Familiarity with Personio, Jira, and Google Workspace is advantageous.</li>
<li>We value diversity and recognize that diverse perspectives and experiences enrich our team. If you believe this role is for you even though you do not possess every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>