<h2>Snapshot</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority.</span></p>
<h2>About Us</h2>
<p>The Agents team at Google DeepMind India is driven by the mission of developing foundational capabilities in Large Models towards realizing AGI. We focus on uncovering emergent agentic behaviors through novel reinforcement learning algorithms run at scale.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>We also apply our research advances to Gemini and critical product launches in Google, touching the lives of hundreds of millions of users, and we are looking forward to doing more!</p>
<p>We are seeking a highly motivated and innovative Research Scientist to join our team in Bangalore, focused on advancing the state-of-the-art in autonomous agents&nbsp; through reinforcement learning and ML optimization methods. You will conduct cutting-edge research on large language models (LLMs), focusing on the development of more capable, robust autonomous agents.</p>
<h2>The Role</h2>
<p>Research Scientists at Google DeepMind lead our efforts in developing novel algorithmic architecture towards the end goal of solving and building Artificial General Intelligence.</p>
<p>Having pioneered research in the world's leading academic and industrial labs in PhDs, post-docs or professorships, Research Scientists join Google DeepMind to work collaboratively within and across Research fields. They develop solutions to fundamental questions in machine learning and AI.</p>
<h3>Key responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Design, implement and evaluate models, agents and software prototypes of large foundational models.</li>
<li>Push the boundary of state of the art RL methods and machine learning optimization methods to build autonomous agents.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Report and present research findings and developments including status and results clearly and efficiently both internally and externally, verbally and in writing.</li>
<li>Suggest and engage in team collaborations to meet ambitious research goals.</li>
<li>Work with external collaborators and maintain relationships with relevant research labs and key individuals as appropriate.</li>
<li>Work in collaboration with our Responsible AI teams to ensure our advances in intelligence are developed ethically and provide broad benefits to humanity.</li>
</ul>
<h2>About You</h2>
<p>You are a passionate and talented researcher with a strong foundation and a proven ability to conduct impactful research in AI. You embrace change and thrive under ambiguity. You have a collaborative mindset and are excited to work as part of a team to tackle ambitious research challenges. You are passionate about seeing your research translated into real-world products that improve the lives of users and are eager to work in an environment where research has a direct path to product impact.&nbsp; You are eager to see your research contribute to real-world applications and are driven by a desire to create positive change through AI.</p>
<ul>
<li>PhD in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, or a related field.</li>
<li>Strong publication record in top-tier machine learning conferences or journals.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of deep learning, natural language processing, computer vision, and/or speech processing.</li>
<li>Experience with relevant ML frameworks such as JAX, TensorFlow, or PyTorch.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In addition, the following would be an advantage:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with multimodal learning, large language models, and/or assistive AI agents.</li>
<li>Experience with prompt engineering, few-shot learning, post-training techniques, and evaluations.</li>
<li>Familiarity with large-scale model training and deployment.</li>
<li>Strong programming skills in Python or similar languages.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and collaboration skills.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.</span></p>