**About the Team**

As part of the EA team, we play a key role in bringing method to the chaos. We work closely with the Meesho leadership team to understand business objectives to finetune our processes, aligning our decisions and actions with company goals.  With us, you can be sure of finding an environment that’s both – professionally enriching as well as fun!

**About the Role**

You will closely work with senior leaders in managing their calendar and supporting the leader(s) at Meesho to make them 10-100x more effective and efficient in all aspects of their job. Moreover, you’ll engage in employee engagement events in terms of hosting, planning and other creative activities.

## What you will do

- Travel support, expense management, visitor management, produce reports and presentations
- Help plan and organize a variety of events for leadership
- Handle requests and queries appropriately
- Act as the point of contact between the executives and internal/external clients
- Handle their communications and calendar and serve as a primary interface with the organization (primarily leadership)
- Put out fires, no matter what they are, when they come up
- Supporting the leader(s) at Meesho to make him/her 10-100x more effective and efficient in all aspects of his job

## What you will need

- With minimum of 5+ years of relevant experience as an EA to a senior leader with large reputed corporates or start-ups
- Full knowledge of office management systems and procedures
- Excellent communication, interpersonal, and relationship skills
- Exemplary planning and time management skills
- Computer savvy and familiar with Google Suites
- Expertise in Outlook / Google Apps, including Gmail, Calendar, Sites, Sheets, Slides, and Docs (advanced settings and options will be used and relied upon heavily)
- Ability to understand varied business and technical talks while taking effective minutes and capturing action items
- Superb follow-through and organisation skills across varied tasks that can get rearranged constantly in terms of priority
- Resilience; tasks that may seem simple can become complex to navigate
- Proactive decision-making and quick learning capabilities to navigate challenges and optimize processes efficiently

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>