<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as our next Data Platform Product Manager in the Data Governance and Insights team..</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to own Twilio's Data Governance initiatives across Twilio. This position is based in India. You will touch many teams within Twilio to ensure safe customer data handling, supporting data privacy and compliance. This team manages data pipeline security, data reliability, and ensuring access controls. We are also the bridge to the reporting systems trusted by customers, executives and shareholders.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the product requirements required to build and operate a central data catalog as a metadata store.</li>
<li>Drive Data Governance initiative, working across various organizations and stakeholders.</li>
<li>Understand the needs of our customers for operational and analytical purposes, and execute on governance of the data pipeline with required access management to fulfill these requirements.</li>
<li>Craft and deliver a vision for data governance at Twilio, working side by side with other product managers and engineering counterparts across Twilio R&amp;D.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Someone with 10+ years of product management experience in a fast-paced company. If you have a strong work ethic and know how to knock down barriers to get to your objective this might be the opportunity for you.</li>
<li>Strong background in Data Governance, having led at least one initiative that included cataloging metadata, data reliability, sensitive data classification and access management.</li>
<li>Worked on data platforms, customer engagement platforms, or streaming applications. Proficiency in the big data ecosystem e.g. Kafka, Spark, Presto/Athena, or similar technologies.</li>
<li>Technically savvy and experienced with the cloud, APIs, communications, enterprise software, data reliability, and ETL techniques.</li>
<li>You have a customer oriented approach. You have an amazing ability to understand the customer’s challenges and are able to articulate a vision to solve challenges to make an impact.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The ability to solicit customer requirements from many - often opposing - sources, prioritize, and work with engineering and design to deliver.</li>
<li>You are a strategic problem solver and flourish operating in broad scope, from conception through continuous operation of 24x7 services.</li>
<li>You have solved sophisticated problems and have the aptitude to navigate uncharted waters.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborative approach and ability to work with distributed, cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>Great communication skills. You're equally at home on zoom presenting to an audience of developers as you are on a zoom talking to users and then coming up with product requirements. Your best days are the ones where you do both on the same day.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in India. &lt;Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Telangana State, Maharashtra and New Delhi&gt;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>