<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Join our dynamic team as an&nbsp;<strong>Account Manager, Enterprise Core </strong>and be at the forefront of selling a market leading solution. In this role, you’ll be working within an assigned book of business to retain our highest spend enterprise customers, while looking for opportunities to expand their relationships through cross-sell and upsell. You’ll thrive in a growing organization with exciting career growth opportunities. Collaborate with a team of driven individuals in a supportive environment, sell exciting products that clients truly value, and enjoy competitive compensation with unlimited earning potential.</p>
<p><strong>What You Will Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage six-figure renewals and drive cross-sell opportunities to expand business within existing client organizations.</li>
<li>Own a book of business comprising ~25 accounts with an employee headcount over 1,000.</li>
<li>Increase spend into these accounts to grow them via off-cycle upsell with deal sizes ranging $100K-$500K+ ACV.</li>
<li>Identify new business opportunities within existing clients using referrals, prospecting into white space and utilizing established relationships.</li>
<li>Conduct compelling online product demos to showcase the power of ZoomInfo.</li>
<li>Work collaboratively with an entire team of internal resources to navigate complex use cases and ensure tight alignment with customers on how ZoomInfo can help them achieve their business objectives.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of successful sales within Enterprise sized accounts, with a proven track record of exceeding quotas.</li>
<li>Ability to quickly qualify opportunities and build strong client relationships.</li>
<li>Proficient in delivering a compelling message and conversing with all levels of decision makers.</li>
<li>Experience in transactional and Enterprise solution selling.</li>
<li>Experience closing six-figure deals to Enterprise companies utilizing value selling frameworks and MEDDIC methodology</li>
<li>Confidence working with and selling to C-Level executives and navigating multiple business stakeholders throughout sales cycle</li>
<li>Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, high energy, and a "can-do" attitude.</li>
<li>Self-discipline and motivation to work independently.</li>
<li>Knowledge of the business intelligence market and CRM tools preferred.</li>
<li>Sales and lead development training recommended.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What’s In It For You:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Top notch tech stack</li>
<li>Market leading product offering (check our our long list of G2 awards)</li>
<li>ERG (Employee Resource Groups) to foster a diverse, inclusive workplace</li>
<li>Benefits to Help You Thrive -&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Dental, Vision</li>
<li>Eligibility for Future Equity Awards</li>
<li>401k Matching (50% of the first 7% of your contribution)</li>
<li>12 weeks Parental Leave for primary caregivers, 4 weeks for secondary caregivers</li>
<li>Family forming benefits up to $20k, plus discounts on a Care.com membership</li>
<li>Virgin Pulse Wellness Program</li>
<li>Optional add ons such as pet insurance, legal service support, and more!&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong><em>This role is a hybrid in-office position, with an expectation of 3 days in office and 2 days at home. Remote is available for those not located near an office.&nbsp;</em></strong></p>
<p>The US base salary range for this position is $126,000 - $143,000 + variable compensation + benefits. ($220,000 - $260,000 OTE (on target earnings)).</p>
<p>Actual compensation offered will be based on factors such as the candidate’s work location, qualifications, skills, experience and/or training. Your recruiter can share more information about the specific salary range for your desired work location during the hiring process.</p>
<p>We want our employees and their families to thrive. In addition to comprehensive benefits we offer holistic mind, body and lifestyle programs designed for overall well-being. Learn more about ZoomInfo benefits<a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/careers#benefits"> here</a>.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>