<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><div class="section page-centered">
<div>
<p>Figma’s distribution partnerships team is focused on unlocking new sources of revenue and hyper-scaling growth through the power of strategic alliances. This includes accelerating go-to-market (GTM) efforts, serving the needs of our customers, and bringing Figma’s platform to new organizations around the world. We are looking to hire our first international partner manager to specifically support agencies, systems integrators, consultancies, and commercial partners (resellers) across EMEA.</p>
<p>This is an exciting opportunity to join an emerging team at Figma where you will play an active role in shaping our long-term partner strategy;&nbsp; including building new partner programs from scratch and scaling our existing motions to new customers and partners across EMEA.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a full time hybrid role based in our London hub.&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do at Figma:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Identify, evaluate, and onboard new prospects for our official service partner program</li>
<li>Partner with Figma’s GTM teams to source, scope, and progress partner-influenced sales opportunities</li>
<li>Manage stakeholder relationships with both official and unofficial distribution partners - including identifying new co-marketing and co-selling opportunities</li>
<li>Foster long-term relationships with partners by creating mutual success plans - including documenting wins and monitoring defined KPIs to hold both Figma and our partners accountable</li>
<li>Evaluate opportunities to mature and streamline our relationships with resellers in context of Figma's existing sales model</li>
<li>Educate our wider partner ecosystem on Figma’s products, services, and capabilities in tandem with our partner enablement team</li>
<li>Develop and nurture internal relationships with sales, marketing, customer experience, and product teams by advocating the benefits our wider partner network</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We’d love to hear from you if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of total experience in equivalent or relevant fields</li>
<li>3+ years of experience in a GTM organization working with external professional services organizations (SIs, agencies, consulting firms) and / or GTM partners (channel resellers, marketplaces, referral partners)</li>
<li>Built partner tactics, programs, and / or strategies from scratch</li>
<li>Managed relationships with multiple strategic partners at once to drive new business</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>While it’s not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Professional proficiency in one or more major European languages</li>
<li>Worked at a service organization or channel partner in a direct GTM role</li>
<li>Spent time in the design and / or digital product development industry</li>
</ul>
<div class="section page-centered">
<div>
<div>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>