<div class="content-intro"><p>At Algolia, we’re proud to be a pioneer and market leader in AI Search, empowering 17,000+ businesses to deliver blazing-fast, predictive search and browse experiences at internet scale. Every week, we power over 30 billion search requests — four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex, and DuckDuckGo combined.</p>
<p>In 2021, we raised $150 million in Series D funding, quadrupling our valuation to $2.25 billion. This strong foundation enables us to keep investing in our market-leading platform and serving incredible customers like Under Armour, PetSmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens.</p></div><p>At Algolia, we’re proud to be a pioneer and market leader in AI Search and be part of a cadre of companies that are driving the next generation of software development, with composable APIs that make developers’ lives easier; solutions that are better than building from scratch using open APIs and better than having to adapt typical SaaS solutions.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for people that want to join our team to assist us in telling our story to the world’s largest companies and educate our enterprise audiences, bring our brand to life and help expand our reach.</p>
<p>We are looking for a 2-year apprentice contract as Apprentice, Field Marketing Specialist who will support the Field and Partner marketing teams in helping streamline and optimise their events and campaigns but also own some events. &nbsp;The role will support the creation of planning documents, kick off calls and action tracking, the identification of production bottleneck issues, own and execute some events series, and ensuring brand and campaign quality standards are maintained as well as liaising across the Marketing organisation.</p>
<p>This role is exclusively open to students in an apprenticeship program in Master (programme d’alternance Master ) of minimum 18 +months , ideally 2 years. &nbsp;We won’t take into consideration candidates who do not specify the school and their apprenticeship program. <strong>Please note this role requires 2-3 days a week in office.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As part of the EMEA Field &amp; Partner Marketing team, you will gain hands-on experience across Project Management, Account-Based Marketing (ABM) and Regional Marketing strategy in an international environment.</p>
<p><br><strong>YOUR ROLE WILL CONSIST OF:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborating on all the campaigns:
<ul>
<li>Support End to end Campaign set up (Marketo, SFDC)</li>
<li>Maintain and track UTMs for all campaigns</li>
<li>Ensure that our Marketing team is adhering to our processes</li>
<li>Help identify bottleneck and process improvement to streamline the delivery of events and campaigns for the team</li>
<li>Learn how to analyze campaign performance</li>
<li>Help keep documentation up to date on the team’s internal knowledge base (Confluence)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Supporting the field marketing managers on the execution of event &amp; programs
<ul>
<li>Identify path and tools for workflow automation (AI agents)</li>
<li>Initiate and maintain event specific plans and actions</li>
<li>Liaise with our Brand Design team for creative collaterals such as: swags, handouts…</li>
<li>Support regional Field/Partner Marketing Managers with logistics, like event briefs, orders, material shipments, on-site staff</li>
<li>Manage Events &amp; Webinars page on our website</li>
<li>Attend some local events</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>(Mid-term) Owning planning and execution of our regional webinar program and field events
<ul>
<li>Validate the program with Field &amp; Partner Marketing managers to ensure alignment with the local strategy &nbsp;</li>
<li>Initiate and maintain plans and actions</li>
<li>Liaise with all relevant stakeholders to ensure the execution of the program (speaker sourcing, coordination, content creation…)</li>
<li>Execute the event</li>
<li>Report on results</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>YOU MIGHT BE A FIT IF YOU ARE:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Master /BS or BA in marketing, communication, business student with apprenticeship period</li>
<li>Eager to learn fast on a multitude of marketing skills and tools</li>
<li>Curious, creative with an analytical mindset</li>
<li>Detail-oriented, methodical, and interested in developing strong project management skills</li>
<li>Methodical with great project management capabilities</li>
<li>Able to work simultaneously on various projects</li>
<li>Willingness to take ownership and be held accountable.</li>
<li>English proficiency is required, fluency in French or German is a plus</li>
<li>A team player with strong interpersonal skills and someone who thrives in a team working environment and sharing of ideas.</li>
</ul>
<div class="uil-fw-normal uil-ff-hind uil-fsz-16 lg:uil-fsz-18 uil-lh-bigger uil-color-grey-700">&nbsp;</div><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>FLEXIBLE WORKPLACE STRATEGY:</strong></p>
<p>Algolia’s flexible workplace model is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individual’s impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and many of our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have a global presence with offices in Paris, NYC, London, Sydney and Bucharest, however we also offer many of our team members the option to work remotely either as fully remote or hybrid-remote employees.<strong> Positions listed as "Remote" are only available for remote work within the specified country. Positions listed within a specific city are only available in that location - depending on the role it may be available with either a hybrid-remote or in-office schedule.</strong></p>
<p><strong>WE’RE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>GRIT</strong> - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.</li>
<li><strong>TRUST </strong>- Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.</li>
<li><strong>CANDOR</strong> - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.</li>
<li><strong>CARE</strong> - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.</li>
<li><strong>HUMILITY</strong> - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.</li>
</ul>
<p>We’re looking for talented, passionate people to help build the world’s best search and discovery technology. We value autonomy, diversity, and collaboration. We’re committed to creating an inclusive workplace where everyone is respected and supported—regardless of race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability, or socioeconomic background.</p>
<p><strong>IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR CANDIDATES - Recruitment Fraud Notice</strong></p>
<p>We’ve recently seen an increase in recruitment scams targeting job seekers. To help protect yourself, please keep the following in mind:</p>
<ul>
<li>Our open positions may appear on third-party job boards, but the <strong>best way to apply safely</strong> is directly through our <strong>careers page</strong>.</li>
<li>All genuine communication from Algolia will come from an <strong>@algolia.com</strong> email address. If you receive an email from someone claiming to work at Algolia who does not have an @algolia.com email address, please do not respond or share any personal information.</li>
<li>We’ll <strong>never ask for payments, purchases, or financial details</strong> during the hiring process.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>READY TO APPLY?</strong></p>
<p>If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the world’s best search &amp; discovery technology, we’d love to review your application!</p></div>