<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Intercom’s AI Group is responsible for defining new ML products, researching appropriate algorithms and technologies, and rapidly getting first prototypes in our customers’ hands.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>We are extremely product-focussed. Our team of 50+ ML scientists, ML engineers, designers and researchers works in partnership with other teams across the whole company. We move to production fast, often shipping to beta in weeks after a successful offline test.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>We are very passionate about applying machine learning technology, and have productized everything from classic supervised models, to cutting-edge unsupervised clustering algorithms, novel applications of transformer neural networks and fine-tuned LLMs. We test and measure the real customer impact of everything we deploy.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>We plan to double in size, and are on the lookout for an experienced manager to manage a team of highly-performing ML scientists. Engineering managers in Intercom are not just people managers: they also have a track record of IC contributions, and can stay close to the work of their team. We won’t ask you to write code every day, but you should feel comfortable giving technical advice to your team and having a good deep grasp of what it should (or shouldn’t!) work on (and maybe even do an occasional code review or a PR). &nbsp;</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Managing, mentoring and coaching a team of 10+ ML scientists, spread across our three offices in Dublin, London and Berlin.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborating with ML, engineering, product, and design leaders to shape work of the team and the impact it has on our products.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Enabling your team to achieve high levels of productivity, performance and reliability.</li>
<li>Expanding the team and promoting its brand both internally and externally (recruitment, event planning, etc.).</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills might I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience leading, developing and supporting ML teams that deliver impact quickly.</li>
<li>A 5+ year track record of your own individual contributions in ML, AI, NLP, or data-related field.</li>
<li>Excellent applied ML and coding skills.</li>
<li>The ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment with a high degree of autonomy.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, both within technical teams and across disciplines.</li>
<li>MSc or PhD in an ML-related field, or similar knowledge.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus skills &amp; attributes&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Track record shipping ML user-facing products.</li>
<li>Experience in a research environment.</li>
<li>Deep experience in an applicable ML area - e.g. NLP, Deep learning, Bayesian methods, Reinforcement learning, clustering.</li>
<li>Data skills: visualization, SQL etc.</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of software engineering practices.</li>
<li>Experience in recruiting ML scientists in a capacity similar to a hiring manager.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up.</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen.</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%.</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents.</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy.</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones.</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too.</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>