<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>We're transforming the grocery industry</strong></p>
<p><span class="im">At Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believe everyone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy it together. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see exciting complexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community. We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get their groceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earnings opportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers.</span></p>
<p>Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building the team to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best work of your life, come join our table.</p>
<p><strong>Instacart is a Flex First team </strong></p>
<p>There’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employees have the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s from home, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected and building community through regular in-person events. <a href="https://www.instacart.careers/flex-first" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://instacart.careers/remote/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1651869232122000&amp;usg=AOvVaw37OlxP8hAKN7nq4YwHQH7e">Learn more about our flexible approach to where we work.</a></p></div><p><strong>Overview</strong></p>
<p>As a Field Sales Specialist at Instacart, you will introduce shoppers directly to our Caper smart cart technology in grocery stores nationwide. You'll engage with customers, demonstrate the features and benefits of our innovative smart carts, and encourage their adoption. Your efforts will directly impact the use of cutting-edge technology that is redefining the retail shopping experience. You’ll be joining the Retail Go-To-Market Operations team, a driving force behind operational success for Instacart’s retail partners using our Caper Carts. This team is instrumental in scaling in-store technology and fulfillment solutions to unlock growth, optimize efficiency, and enhance the in-store experience for both customers and associates.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role will be focused on Connected Stores, specifically Caper, our smart shopping cart offering using deep learning and computer vision for a seamless grab-and-go retail experience. Our plug-and-play solution needs no store renovations; retailers simply buy the carts to gain cashierless capabilities. Caper, a fast-growing retail automation product, costs less than 1% of competitors’ infrastructure and is widely adopted. Our cross-functional team solves problems our customers love.</p>
<p><strong>About the Job&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive Customer Acquisition: Engage directly with in-store customers to introduce them to Caper smart carts, performing live demonstrations to showcase their features and benefits.</li>
<li>Implement Sales Strategies: Develop and execute effective sales tactics tailored to each store environment, adapting approaches based on customer feedback and success rates.</li>
<li>Build Relationships: Foster positive relationships with store personnel to facilitate seamless operations and act as a brand ambassador for Instacart and Caper.</li>
<li>Provide Reporting and Feedback: Offer regular reports on customer interactions, providing insights and suggestions for improving engagement and sales techniques.</li>
<li>Achieve Targets: Strive to meet and exceed daily and weekly user acquisition goals.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About You</strong></p>
<p>Minimum Qualifications</p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in direct sales, preferably in a retail environment.</li>
<li>Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.</li>
<li>Self-motivated with a proactive approach to achieving goals.</li>
<li>Comfortable working with and explaining new technology.</li>
<li>Availability to work a Thursday through Monday schedule, including weekends.</li>
<li>Willingness to travel extensively—up to 90% of the time.</li>
</ul>
<p>Preferred Qualifications</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong critical thinking abilities to identify and leverage sales opportunities.</li>
<li>Familiarity with grocery retail operations and customer behavior.</li>
<li>Experience promoting technological products or innovations in a retail setting.</li>
<li>Ability to quickly adapt to new environments and work independently.</li>
<li>Preferred candidates are within driving distance of one of the following metro areas: Bel Air, Maryland</li>
</ul>
<p>Hourly Rate<strong>&nbsp;</strong>- $34</p>
<p>#LI-Remote</p>