<p>At Asana we’re looking for curious, collaborative, and creative students to join our 12-week summer Product Design internship program. This program focuses on bringing students currently studying at a college or university into our Design team to develop and work on complex and challenging problems.</p>
<p>During this internship, you’ll work directly with dedicated Design mentors who are trained and motivated to ensure your success. You’ll also have the opportunity to work with Engineering, User Research, Product Management, Data Science, and the rest of our amazing Design crew to ship experiences that make it as simple as possible for teams big and small to realize the value of Asana.</p>
<p>This internship is based in our <strong>Warsaw</strong> office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. Along with most Asanas, you’ll work from this office in person on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays and Fridays. If you're interviewing for this role, your Talent Acquisition Partner will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>About the design team</strong></p>
<p><strong><em>We design the future of teamwork.</em></strong><em> </em>Asana has a bold, ambitious mission: help humanity thrive by enabling the world’s teams to work together effortlessly. Our design team is at the heart of that mission.<br><br>Asana Design is an inclusive and collaborative community. We’re a diverse group of designers from different backgrounds <em>(product, brand and content design, design operations, producers, motion design, film, copywriting)</em>. We are a team that loves combining research, data insights, and peer feedback into a human-centered design process to produce designs that are core to the power of our applications. We partner with people across Asana to create our product, shape our brand, and drive greater impact through design. We use design to solve challenges and create experiences that customers love. We also take the time to get weird and have fun along the way.We believe every designer should have the opportunity to grow and learn by utilizing their strengths and nurturing their interests.</p>
<p>Our employees in Poland are employed under a contract of employment.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Pair with our experienced designers, who will significantly enhance your collaboration skills and grow your ability to identify and transform complex problems into intuitive, human-centered solutions</li>
<li>Be actively involved in the end-to-end design process by exploring concepts, ideating on solutions in jams, and creating eng-ready final designs in Figma</li>
<li>Contribute to everything from broad strategic discussions to the specifics of a component interaction</li>
<li>Work across the organization to ship experiences that are cohesive within the broader Asana product experience, ensuring your design scales</li>
<li>Collaborate with seasoned designers to learn new methodologies for divergent thinking and understand its impact on end users</li>
<li>Work under the direction of a design mentor, while collaborating with cross functional partners to identify problems, set strategy, establish vision, ship projects, and gather insights</li>
<li>Experience career growth and personal development with world-class mentorship and development programs</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Currently enrolled in a degree program in a design-related field</li>
<li>Anticipated graduation date between December 2026 and July 2027</li>
<li>Portfolio with a solid foundation in human-centered design practices that showcases strong interaction and interface design skills</li>
<li>Ability to express ideas via rich stories and prototypes</li>
<li>Aptitude to come up with novel, simple solutions</li>
<li>Ability to think systematically and work through challenging problems</li>
<li>Passion for creating a high-quality user experience, down to those little details that matter</li>
<li>Experience with Figma or similar design tools</li>
<li>Strong collaboration and communication skills, curiosity, and eagerness to learn and grow</li>
<li>Excited to be a part of an inclusive culture where everyone brings their whole selves to work</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
<li>Meals reimbursement on the days that you work from the office</li>
</ul>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For this role, the estimated pay rate is PLN 86.54 per hour. The actual hourly rate will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed pay rate above is a guideline, and the pay rate for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #internship</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>