## Your mission

<p>ImFusion is an R&amp;D consulting company based in Munich. Thanks to our expertise in image processing, computer vision, AI and robotics applied to medical imaging, we help our customers drive innovation in medical technologies.</p><p>We wish to expand our computer vision and endoscopy team with talented and motivated people to help us develop and commercialize advanced medical products in collaboration with renowned customers.</p><p>As (Senior) Research Scientist at ImFusion you will work on cutting edge innovation using state-of-the-art computer vision and machine learning techniques and share your knowledge and experience with the rest of the team and customers. You will work on developing innovative computer vision methods to endoscopic imaging for use in (robotic) surgery. Exemplary topics include 3D reconstruction, monocular depth estimation, tissue tracking and segmentation and 6D pose estimation. Additionally, you will have the chance to engage with the academic community by publishing papers, attending conferences, and mentoring and supervising students.</p><p>While this position is based in our Munich office, remote or hybrid work arrangements may be available within Germany and, where compatible with the role's responsibilities and legal requirements, also within the EU.</p>

## Your profile

<span>Must-have:</span><ul><li>PhD in a relevant field or MSc with 5+ years of research-oriented industry experience</li><li><span>Strong understanding of 3D computer vision and deep learning</span></li><li>Excellent Python coding skills</li><li>Ability to conduct applied research independently</li><li>Reliable team player and quick learner</li><li>Proficient in English</li></ul>Nice-to-have:<ul><li>Experience in medical imaging and/or endoscopic imaging</li><li><span>Experience working with knowledge distillation, quantization and edge-device model deployment with accelerators (TensorRT, Dynamo etc.)</span></li><li>C++ coding skills</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li><p>Be part of an international, dynamic, and highly skilled team in flat hierarchies where you can both make an impact and continue to learn</p></li><li><p>Contribute to our company values and do good for society by having your work enable actual medical products that improve patients’ lives</p></li><li><p>Publish research that advances our mission and aligns with our core areas of expertise</p></li><li><p>Earn a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package (such as bike leasing, sports programs, etc.)</p></li><li><p>Enjoy the agility of a start-up paired with the safety of a grown company</p></li><li><p>Benefit from flexible working hours, remote work and workation</p></li><li><p>We celebrate success together with various team events (e.g. Summer Party or Oktoberfest)</p></li></ul>