<p><span style="color: rgb(236, 240, 241);">#LI-HYBRID #LI-EY1</span></p>
<p>At JetBrains, our mission is to make professional software development more productive and enjoyable. We are committed to continuous innovation and excellence, delivering solutions that empower developers to build, test, and deploy high-quality software. Our products are known for their robustness, intuitive design, and seamless integration into the development workflow.</p>
<p>Our team is composed of passionate, talented professionals who thrive on tackling challenging problems and creating innovative solutions. We foster a dynamic and supportive work environment that encourages collaboration, creativity, and professional growth.</p>
<p>We are seeking a visionary Head of Brand to lead the development and execution of strategies that will elevate our brand's global presence and impact. You should be driven by a passion for building strong, recognizable brands and excel at integrating cross-functional efforts to create cohesive and compelling brand narratives. Your focus will be on long-term brand growth and alignment with our business objectives. This is a unique opportunity to shape the future of software development tools and join a company at the forefront of technological innovation. If you are passionate about developer tools and have a proven track record in technology marketing and brand building, we invite you to join our team and contribute to our mission of enhancing developer productivity worldwide.</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and implement comprehensive brand strategies to enhance brand recognition across global markets for B2C and B2B audiences.</li>
<li>Enhance the brand’s presence and reputation by developing and maintaining a strong brand voice and identity that resonates with target audiences.</li>
<li>Increase company awareness by bringing content and stories to life.</li>
<li>Oversee the development and implementation of innovative marketing campaigns to increase brand awareness and user engagement.</li>
<li>Lead and mentor a team of brand marketing professionals, fostering a collaborative culture of creativity and excellence.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including design, product, product marketing, and marketing communications, to ensure consistent brand messaging and visual identity.</li>
<li>Manage the brand marketing budget, ensuring the efficient allocation of resources and maximizing ROI.</li>
<li>Conduct market research and analyze consumer insights to inform brand strategies and identify growth opportunities.</li>
<li>Identify and establish strategic partnerships with key industry players, influencers, and communities to expand reach and drive brand metrics.</li>
<li>Monitor and analyze brand performance metrics, using insights to optimize strategies and drive continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Stay up to date with industry trends, the competitive landscape, and emerging marketing technologies to keep the brand ahead of the curve.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’ll be happy to have you on our team if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A bachelor's degree in marketing, business, communications, or a related field – with a master's degree being a plus.</li>
<li>At least 12 years of experience in brand management driving prominent brands or in a similar role, preferably within the tech industry, in communications, or with a creative agency.</li>
<li>A proven track record of developing and executing successful brand strategies and marketing campaigns for large, international tech brands with a global audience.</li>
<li>A deep understanding of modern tech trends and agendas.</li>
<li>Strong leadership and team management skills, with the ability to inspire and motivate a diverse team.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Strong strategic thinking and analytical skills, with the ability to translate data into actionable insights.</li>
<li>The ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and manage multiple projects simultaneously.</li>
<li>A creative mindset and passion for innovation and excellence in brand building.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>