<p>Essential Anesthesia Management (EAM) is looking for an Anesthesiologist to join the team at&nbsp;<strong>CHI St. Lukes's Health - Memorial Hospital in Lufkin, TX.</strong> St. Lukes - Memorial is a multi-specialty facility that offers a full scope of medical services.</p>
<p><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Position Highlights</span>:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>$600(k) for 35 Weeks of Service</li>
<li>1099 Position</li>
<li>Schedule is 12 days on 9 days off</li>
<li>Case types include general surgery, orthopedic, Endo/GI, urology, ENT (some pediatric), spine, ophthalmology and OB/GYN</li>
<li>Care Team Model of 3 MD’s and 8 CRNA’s</li>
<li>General Supervision- team consists of veteran CRNA’s</li>
<li>Back up call to CRNA’s with rotating call every other day when working</li>
<li>Malpractice and tail coverage provided</li>
<li>167 bed hospital</li>
<li>Level 4 Trauma Center</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>&nbsp;</strong><strong>Qualifications:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Board certified or board eligible</li>
<li>Regional Anesthesia is proficiency is preferred, but we are willing to train</li>
<li>Comfortable overseeing CRNA’s</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">&nbsp;<strong>What We Offer:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>600K 1099</li>
<li>Access to group benefits through preferred partnerships</li>
<li>Paid Malpractice + tail</li>
<li>Support from our Corporate Clinical Leaders</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>About Lufkin, TX</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>2 hours to Houston and 3 Hours to the DFW Area</li>
<li>Lufkin's cost of living is about 10% lower than the rest of the United States.</li>
<li>Lufkin is great for outdoor enthusiasts</li>
<li>Lake Sam Rayburn located near Lufkin is the largest reservoir in the state of Texas</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>About Us:</u></strong></p>
<p>Essential Anesthesia Management, a partnership between YPS and EmergencHealth, is a clinician-founded, clinician-led anesthesia management company striving to deliver the highest quality anesthesia care to both patients and hospitals alike. Over the past several years, we have experienced significant growth, providing turn-key department management at over 125 facilities in 6 states. Over 1400 CRNA and Anesthesiologist providers make up the Essential Team. We are continually seeking additional service-minded professionals to join our team and pride ourselves on hiring the best and brightest.&nbsp;<strong>We want to hire exceptional people.</strong> If you want to be part of a great anesthesia team that really understands the day-to-day demands in the OR, please give us a call at 832-853-0636</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="TextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Essential Anesthesia Management</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8"> is committed to equal opportunity for all, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other protected characteristic</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">.&nbsp; </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the assigned and essential functions.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW234030319 BCX8" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></em></p></div>