<p>We are seeking a Senior Engineer to join our Migration Services team, which owns&nbsp;<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/import/c2c-pull-live-migration/#std-label-c2c-pull-live-migration">Atlas Live Migration</a>. This diverse group of engineers is responsible for architecting, deploying and managing fully automated, low-downtime data migration services at cloud scale. Our tooling is built directly into our cutting edge, multi-cloud database service, MongoDB Atlas, and is critical for migrating enterprise workloads into Atlas. As a Senior Engineer on this team, you will design and build new solutions to address our scalability, performance, and usability challenges.</p>
<p>This role can be based out of our Dublin office or remotely in Ireland.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with product, design, and engineers across the organization to collectively build features that our customers love</li>
<li>Stay up to date on the latest advancements in Cloud computing and software development to bring them into our product</li>
<li>Solve difficult technical problems in a distributed environment</li>
<li>Own the planning and delivery of major features from ideation through design and implementation</li>
<li>Define your top priorities and focuses, then communicate and execute against them</li>
<li>Mentor and contribute to the growth of team members</li>
</ul>
<h3>Candidate Profile</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of hands-on experience in software engineering, primarily focused on backend systems</li>
<li>Skilled at writing large-scale, distributed backend systems in a compiled language (Java, C#, Go, etc.)</li>
<li>Comfortable working across the stack of a modern web application (e.g. React, TypeScript, Enzyme)</li>
<li>Experience with at least one major cloud provider technology (AWS, Azure, GCP)</li>
<li>Led the launch of new features and maintained them in production</li>
<li>Curious, collaborative, empathetic and intellectually honest</li>
<li>Motivated to solve tough problems and continually expand their knowledge</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>In three months, you are developing a deep understanding of MongoDB and our migration tooling. You will have shipped code into production and collaborated with the team to solve tough problems</li>
<li>In six months, you are reviewing new feature designs, with an active role in the design and implementation of a major project, while leading development of smaller performance enhancements</li>
<li>In twelve months, you are leading the design and development of major new features, and will be mentoring new engineers. You’ll have a strong familiarity with the products the team owns and can work across the codebase</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 4263289669</em></p>