<p>We're looking for an Account Executive, Acquisition who will be responsible for prospecting and selling within an assigned territory to uncover new business opportunities. The AE will identify, nurture, and close new business opportunities, run forecasts, and supervise customer data.</p>
<p>The AE will also be responsible for quarterly and annual sales targets in the designated region, work with Solution Architects, Marketing, SDR Teams, Partners/Resellers within the region to improve the velocity of business and to build solutions that serve the best interests of our customers at MongoDB.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Singapore for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop new business opportunities by driving sales in their designated territory as well as new accounts development, territory planning and execution to achieve targets via activities such as but not limited to, cold calling, prospecting, qualification, account mapping, and presentations</li>
<li>Effectively utilize sales tools for pipeline development, tracking opportunity progress (Forecasting), developing monthly, quarterly level forecasts</li>
<li>Responsible for all aspects of the selling process - Identity, Qualify, Sell, Close, and Coordinate for all volume business in a designated territory Generate leads by using networking and other sales tools Qualify, Sell and Close Identify key steps to close the sale, identify the decision-maker and influencers, etc</li>
<li>Resolve Availability needs and Objectives Gain agreement of proposed solution / Services, tying back to customer business drivers</li>
<li>Close significant sales across multiple Accounts across assigned territory Accurate Forecasting of business, previous experience with Salesforce.com is ideal</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>5 years + of sales closing experience in software/technology solutions</li>
<li>Ability to present &amp; excellent listening skills</li>
<li>Daring selling approach | consultative selling</li>
<li>A strong network of relationships with key decision-makers in small/medium &amp; large-sized companies in the respective territory</li>
<li>Experience with Lead generation and sales closure</li>
<li>Strong exposure to handling the assigned Market Track record of maintaining relationships with accounts</li>
<li>Experience working with Channels &amp; Ecosystems of ASEAN.</li>
<li>Native-level proficiency in Vietnamese, Thai or Bahasa would be a plus</li>
<li>Perseverant with the ability to meet deadlines and targets bachelor's degree or equivalent from a reputed institute with a good academic record.</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">1273399766</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p>&nbsp;</p>