<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>Okta’s Workforce Identity products are the foundation for enabling customers to increase internal and external collaboration by providing friction-free and secure access to on-prem and cloud apps from anywhere and any device; for improving IT agility by simplifying identity management and saving time on cumbersome processes such as employee/partner/vendor onboarding and password-resets; and for strengthening security by reducing the risk of identity-centric cybersecurity attacks. The Workforce Identity developer advocacy team’s goal is to turn developers all over the world who build with Okta into Okta champions by proactively enabling their success.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Senior Developer Advocate, you represent Okta to external developers. You will establish relationships primarily with developers already using Okta or in the process of onboarding. You will also champion Okta services to ISVs and Okta Partners.&nbsp; You will craft resources to help build or integrate with Okta, including sample apps, videos, technical guides, and workshops. You will engage with our customers and 3rd party integrator community, championing their interests, accelerating their development, and translating their feedback into actionable product insights.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Job Duties &amp; Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Create code demos and sample applications to showcase Okta product features</li>
<li>Compose blog posts and videos on how developers can incorporate Okta into their identity solutions</li>
<li>Answer developer/integrator questions found on social media, forums, and comments made on Okta posts</li>
<li>Speak at technical events, support workshops/labs/hackathons, and lead conversations on identity</li>
<li>Utilize your “developer zero” mindset to test product usage scenarios</li>
<li>Capture and drive feedback to respective product teams</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Minimum Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:</h2>
<ul>
<li>You have 5+ years of experience as a developer - a plus if you have any experience in developer relations.</li>
<li>Demonstrated proof of using AI in development environments</li>
<li>Strong technical understanding of REST APIs, HTTP, SDKs, and authentication/authorization protocols (OAuth2, Basic Auth, OpenID Connect, SCIM, ...)</li>
<li>Server-side development (Java and/or .NET a plus)</li>
<li>You not only enjoy creating developer content, you are eager to share your findings with other developers, whether online or at in-person events</li>
<li>Great verbal and written communication skills. Able to adjust your message for different audiences</li>
<li>Deep understanding of developer communities and forums of which you are actively engaged</li>
<li>You are self-driven, work well remotely, while maintaining strong visibility internally and to external developer communities</li>
<li>You are known to be a strong contributor and a collaborator who takes initiative</li>
<li>You are passionate about developer topics, and enjoy helping others solve problems</li>
<li>You are always learning and curious, keeping up to date with developer trends - a plus if you are a trendsetter yourself</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P24924\_3406814</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>