We believe there is only one long-term solution to enable humanity to meet major societal challenges, including unemployment, hunger, disease, the environment, political and religious extremism or even space exploration. This solution is education. **360Learning has become the fastest growing EdTech (Education Technology) scale-up in Europe by disrupting the Corporate Learning market since 2013.**We are now 100+ employees in New York, Paris & London, supporting 1,200+ customers in 160 countries, such as Dior, Criteo, Safran, Michelin, BNP, Axa & Devialet.

Our mission is to help companies become Learning Organizations, by connecting their Leaders with their Learners. With our Learning Engagement Platform, they:

- empower internal Business Experts, transforming them into active Leaders who create courses and train the others;

- connect Leaders with Learners in a highly engaging, user-friendly, modern web interface where they interact and exchange knowledge (resulting in 90% participation rate vs. 45% on average);

- scale fast & effective trainings to the full organization (in a few hours vs. several months), integrating 360Learning seamlessly with other tools such as HRIS and CRM;

- optimize courses by leveraging user data to make Smart Recommendations.

360Learning is building a team composed of 100% top performers and a culture of well-being and collective performance.

**Our goal is to become the top global provider of educational software solutions.**

**Our workplace**

- Unique decentralized culture: <https://360learning.com/legal/convexity-guidelines/>

- Complete ownership of your role

- Flexible hours

**Who We Are**

360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.

360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.

**Learning Includes Everyone.**

In concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. **We want to learn from and with you!**