<div class="content-intro"><p>At Algolia, we’re proud to be a pioneer and market leader in AI Search, empowering 17,000+ businesses to deliver blazing-fast, predictive search and browse experiences at internet scale. Every week, we power over 30 billion search requests — four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex, and DuckDuckGo combined.</p>
<p>In 2021, we raised $150 million in Series D funding, quadrupling our valuation to $2.25 billion. This strong foundation enables us to keep investing in our market-leading platform and serving incredible customers like Under Armour, PetSmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens.</p></div><p>At Algolia, we are passionate about helping businesses connect their end-users with what matters most in milliseconds!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>As an Algolia Account Executive, you will be responsible for creating strong relationships with our customers/prospects and building on these relationships to expand our footprint or close new businesses. You should be comfortable researching prospective customers and adapting sales strategies to meet their needs. You will also play an integral role in defining our sales model. You know the ins and outs of Algolia, understand how we can benefit each prospect and will ultimately be the front line of our revenue growth in the German-speaking and CEMEA markets.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Algolia has been growing exponentially over the past few years with Germany representing one of our core markets. We are now expanding our existing German-speaking team to further accelerate in this region, providing you with the opportunity to become one of the core players in our success story. You will be an important voice in how we address this market and able to gain a lot of visibility both within our fast-growing tech company as well as within the German eCommerce/ retail segment.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Are you a resilient problem-solver who isn't afraid to think outside the box and get their hands dirty? We expect you to take ownership and be able to execute, defining your own territory strategy. We're looking for candidates who raise the level and bring sales excellence to the revenue organisation. You should value and practice transparency, have the humility to accept your weaknesses and continuously strive to improve both personally and professionally.</p>
<h3><strong>YOUR ROLE WILL CONSIST OF:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Managing and growing a sales pipeline</li>
<li>Driving inbound and outbound leads through complex sales cycles to closed won</li>
<li>Working your network and collaborating with external partners to source and facilitate new projects in the Commercial segment</li>
<li>Managing and prospecting with an existing account base to drive usage-based and feature-based upsells</li>
<li>Generating new projects from booking self-driven outbound meetings</li>
<li>Building compelling demonstrations with the pre-sales team, sales material and ROI studies bringing value to our customers</li>
<li>Forecasting accurately to help the team hit their numbers</li>
<li>Collaborating with sales developers, solutions engineers, customer success managers, legal, partner managers and marketing.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>YOU MIGHT BE A FIT IF YOU HAVE:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>2 - 4 years of experience in a closing role (esp. in B2B, MarTech, SaaS tech sales)</li>
<li>Excellent spoken and written German and English skills, Polish or Czech a plus</li>
<li>Hunter mindset: Strong familiarity with outbound prospecting techniques, tools and processes</li>
<li>Strong Plus: Experience in working with partners (solution integrators, consultancies, independent software vendors)</li>
<li>Multi-tasker who can adapt to changing situations</li>
<li>Quick thinker, must be able to handle questions on the fly<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>NICE TO HAVE:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You love tech sales;</li>
<li>You have a curious mindset and are capable to understand prospects’ pains and how a deep tech solution like Algolia can solve it;</li>
<li>You thrive in dynamic environments and are capable to adjust to constant change;</li>
<li>You are excited by the idea of building things and have a structured and strategic approach to working your territory;</li>
<li>You believe you are in charge of your own success and you have the grit to continue going when things get challenging.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>FLEXIBLE WORKPLACE STRATEGY:</strong></p>
<p>Algolia’s flexible workplace model is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individual’s impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and many of our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have a global presence with offices in Paris, NYC, London, Sydney and Bucharest, however we also offer many of our team members the option to work remotely either as fully remote or hybrid-remote employees.<strong> Positions listed as "Remote" are only available for remote work within the specified country. Positions listed within a specific city are only available in that location - depending on the role it may be available with either a hybrid-remote or in-office schedule.</strong></p>
<p><strong>WE’RE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>GRIT</strong> - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.</li>
<li><strong>TRUST </strong>- Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.</li>
<li><strong>CANDOR</strong> - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.</li>
<li><strong>CARE</strong> - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.</li>
<li><strong>HUMILITY</strong> - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.</li>
</ul>
<p>We’re looking for talented, passionate people to help build the world’s best search and discovery technology. We value autonomy, diversity, and collaboration. We’re committed to creating an inclusive workplace where everyone is respected and supported—regardless of race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability, or socioeconomic background.</p>
<p><strong>IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR CANDIDATES - Recruitment Fraud Notice</strong></p>
<p>We’ve recently seen an increase in recruitment scams targeting job seekers. To help protect yourself, please keep the following in mind:</p>
<ul>
<li>Our open positions may appear on third-party job boards, but the <strong>best way to apply safely</strong> is directly through our <strong>careers page</strong>.</li>
<li>All genuine communication from Algolia will come from an <strong>@algolia.com</strong> email address. If you receive an email from someone claiming to work at Algolia who does not have an @algolia.com email address, please do not respond or share any personal information.</li>
<li>We’ll <strong>never ask for payments, purchases, or financial details</strong> during the hiring process.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>READY TO APPLY?</strong></p>
<p>If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the world’s best search &amp; discovery technology, we’d love to review your application!</p></div>