<p><strong>The Team:</strong></p>
<p>As a function of Data dog's GTM Enablement &amp; Business Value department, the Business Value team partners with go-to-market teams to deliver impactful business cases to our customers to justify their investment in Datadog. Our GTM Enablement org works with a best-in-class product that solves real problems for our customers, and our Business Value team plays a key role in instilling value selling practices across the entire sales and CS organization. From building impactful programs to developing ROI/TCO value models, we help drive revenue and high-level strategic decision making across the entire business.</p>
<p><strong>The Opportunity:</strong></p>
<p>We’re seeking a creative and entrepreneurial Business Value Manager who will partner directly with our customers in LATAM to build business cases that quantify the business value our products deliver to their bottom line. This critical customer-facing position will collaborate cross-functionally with teams ranging from Sales and Post Sales to Marketing and Product in order to scale the business value function within Datadog. In this role you will directly impact the bottom line of our business while gaining executive visibility inside and outside of the organization. Your efforts will play a crucial role in supporting our sales teams in LATAM as they work towards expanding Datadog's current market footprint.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds, and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead business value assessments for our customers in LATAM, working closely with customers to identify key business drivers and quantify the business value our products deliver to their bottom line</li>
<li>Develop in-depth ROI/TCO value models to quantify business value that can be achieved through our products</li>
<li>Partner with sellers to lead value-based discovery sessions with technical and business stakeholders to drive key objectives and measurable outcomes&nbsp;</li>
<li>Craft and deliver executive level presentations to CxOs</li>
<li>Perform strategic analyses in support of sales opportunities, identifying areas where our products can add value to customers' business operations</li>
<li>Build short term and long term observability strategies for customers based on industry and maturity</li>
<li>Develop and operationalize models, processes, and materials (e.g. talk tracks) to drive continuous improvement in our Business Value Program Pilot, test and validate new business value offerings / programs in partnership with GTM teams</li>
<li>Become an expert in Datadog selling methodology while driving adoption</li>
<li>Assist with Datadog’s ongoing field enablement efforts with value selling training, designing new training curriculum, knowledge management, etc.</li>
<li>Build external presence via delivery of webinars and other events to communicate Datadog’s value to our customers in achieving key digital transformation initiatives</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced in 6+ years working in a related field with 4+ years experience in: running business value assessments; management consulting or IT consulting with proven track record of advising senior business stakeholders; enterprise sales or other equivalent experience</li>
<li>Someone who holds a BA in Engineering, Economics, Finance, or other analytical field required, MBA or other advanced degree strongly preferred</li>
<li>Outstanding in your analytical abilities, verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>An exceptionally strong presenter with demonstrated experience in client-facing role or working with C-suite executives</li>
<li>Someone who brings a strategic, consultative mindset</li>
<li>Confident in building financial models and analyzing businesses</li>
<li>Passionate about coaching others and comfortable working and leading cross-functional teams</li>
<li>Proficient in Portuguese and English</li>
<li>Comfortable building relationships with Datadog’s sellers and adopting a consultative approach to advising our sales teams in LATAM</li>
<li>Willing to travel up to 15% of time</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proficient in Spanish</li>
<li>Highly analytical and comfortable with complex data sets</li>
<li>Creative problem solver who thrives with ambiguity</li>
<li>Equally comfortable with the big picture and with the details</li>
<li>Experience in a SaaS company in a complex sales-cycle</li>
<li>Knowledge and interest in the cloud and monitoring space</li>
<li>Excited to work with engineering, marketing, sales, finance and other functions</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>Benefits &amp; Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous and competitive benefits</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Continuous career development and pathing opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Product training to develop an in-depth understanding of our product and space</li>
<li>Best in breed onboarding</li>
<li>Internal mentor and buddy program cross-departmentally</li>
<li>Friendly and inclusive workplace culture</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p><strong>About Us:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is the monitoring and security platform for cloud applications. Our SaaS product is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries to enable digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stack, allowing for seamless collaboration and problem-solving among Dev, Ops and Security teams globally. Given the resilience of cloud technologies and importance placed today in digital operations and agility, Datadog continues to innovate and is well positioned for the long term.</p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>