<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>We’re now looking to add an Account Executive to our sales team, covering the German &amp; Austrian market. As an AE you will be responsible for finding and closing new business deals and expanding existing customers across the German &amp; Austrian market, via your own efforts and supported by our marketing, partnerships, sales development, and solutions engineering teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be engaging with economic buyers within merchant accounts to identify and secure a role for GoCardless as a payment provider. You will liaise with a multitude of stakeholders and departments; from finance and engineering to product and procurement. By successfully multithreading you will build business cases and ultimately secure commercial arrangements.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’ve built a dynamic, collaborative culture in which we hire and develop smart, driven people that share our desire to do work we can be proud of.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>What excites you&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You’ll love taking a data driven approach to pitching GoCardless as a payment provider to Mid-Market (+$100m turnover or +$100m in funding) accounts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Closing multi-territory, multi-year deals with fast growing companies</li>
<li>Identifying high-fit accounts within your territory/ book of business&nbsp;</li>
<li>Developing account plans, working with stakeholders in marketing to deliver those plans and building your network within those accounts</li>
<li>Selling the value of our global payments platform and then developing opportunities through negotiation to contract closure</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What excites us&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Native or business fluent German and English</li>
<li>Proven sales experience in a B2B SaaS environment with a track record of achieving quota (total quota for this role is 600k EUR pa.)</li>
<li>Experience selling to CxO (CFO/ CTO ideally) and other stakeholders</li>
<li>Candidates with an understanding of the MEDDIC/ MEDDPICC Sales methodologies (or similar) and experience in applying them&nbsp;</li>
<li>A structured sales approach, experience of using salesforce and prior experience of selling complex SaaS products and services (Selling APIs is not essential but a nice to have)&nbsp;</li>
<li>High activity: you are able to cover a large territory effectively and build a dynamic pipeline&nbsp;</li>
<li>A consultative style and the ability to become a trusted advisor</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Base salary range:</strong> £64,800 - £97,200 + 100% OTE</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>