<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is growing its channel sales team to capitalize on rapidly growing demand from channel partners, leveraging their expertise and connections to bring open source technology to organizations across a multitude of industries.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Channel Partner Sales Executive, Japan role reports to the Director, APAC Channel Sales and requires a mix of both farming and hunting capabilities. The successful candidate will be responsible for achieving assigned annual growth quotas.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">They should be able to identify, prospect, and engage reseller and distributor partners to build and maintain relationships and grow Canonical’s business within the assigned territory.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The successful candidate must be comfortable owning and leading initiatives in an unstructured, startup-like environment.&nbsp; This individual must be able to sell open source, cloud, virtualization, and technical software solutions.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Although the role is focused primarily on reseller and distributor channel partners, the successful candidate must be capable of and comfortable with initial customer discovery calls and presentations as appropriate.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Location:&nbsp;</strong>Japan</span></p>
<h3><strong>The Role Entails</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and execute channel strategy for distributors and resellers within the assigned territory</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Increase awareness of Canonical as a lead player in Open Source and Cloud (Private, Hybrid, Multi, and Public models)&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify and recruit new potential partners in assigned territory</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Leverage personal network and prospecting skills to engage new partners and build on Canonical’s already-successful relationships</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Guide partners through onboarding and enablement&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop mutually beneficial go-to-market plans and commitments with partners</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Arrange and execute sales and pre sales trainings to these resellers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive and manage channel pipeline through recurring partner interactions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support partner’s satisfaction and act as trusted advisor and point of contact</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintain a regularity/frequency of contact with priority resellers and distributors.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor's level degree, preferably in a technology field</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in software or technology sales from the specified market</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fluency in English</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An understanding of open source, Linux and Ubuntu</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A self starter with a proven track record of achieving sales targets</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Detail oriented with strong follow-up skills</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Effective negotiating skills with ability to close sales</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent interpersonal and presentation skills (written and verbal)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Productive in a globally distributed team through self-discipline and self-motivation</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mature approach to long-term relationship development with customers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ability to represent the company at external events</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Start-up experience would be an advantage</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3>About Canonical</h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>