**At Saily, we’re removing the hassle from getting secure data plans while traveling.**

No roaming charges, no plastic SIM cards. Just fast, secure mobile data in 200+ countries. Join the team behind Lonely Planet’s #1 eSIM—built for explorers, powered by NordVPN.

**Your impact?** Helping people stay securely connected, wherever they go.

## Main responsibilities

- Autonomous planning and forecasting of PPC activities within the responsibility area.
- Ensuring the outstanding quality of campaigns' setup and materials/components we use.
- Checking data quality across tracking points for discrepancies and timely issue flagging with relevant stakeholders.
- Taking responsibility for multi-team projects by designing and handling PPC campaign logic.
- Proactive task prioritizing, alignment on deadlines and deliverables in line with business goals and guidance to Juniors.
- Daily performance monitoring via platform interface, GA and Looker across all team activities.
- Providing clear and relevant reporting on responsibility area metrics on both regular and on-demand basis. Selecting relevant metrics and analysis angles, gathering stakeholders' needs for metrics and feedback afterward. Presenting them on agreed frequency to the marketing team and during team meetings.
- Following PPC and marketing-related news and latest trends to apply in business where applicable, regularly sharing them with the team.

## Core requirements

- Advanced knowledge of ad platforms: **Google ads, Bing** (3+ years proven experience).
- Understand all digital marketing metrics and be able to explain relations between them.
- Exceptional knowledge of various conversion setups and tracking points.
- Advanced knowledge of GA4 reports and UI, ability to use advanced filters, explorations.
- Good knowledge of Google Spreadsheets. Ability to use advanced formulas, pivot tables.
- Excellent spoken and written English skills.
- Ability to work both in a team, independently & deliver results to different teams;
- Proven experience working with large-scale and complex campaigns is a must.
- Global campaigns experience.
- Interpersonal skills, liaising with key vendors.

## Salary range

- Gross Salary 13,600-20,700 PLN/Month.

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Fuel your active lifestyle with online workouts led by our Physical Well-Being experts. Unlock a variety of sports and wellness facilities, like gyms, swimming pools, and fitness classes, with the Multisport card.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*