Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, **Veepee** collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

Today we're looking for an Android Developer who will join the Core Team.

As an Android developer directly integrated into one of our products, you will be a part of a distributed, fully agile team of 8-10 engineers, you will support and improve the quality of the Android application, create tools for other developers, work on security, performance, and stability, and you will contribute to the Android community.

## 🎯 TASKS

- Developing new features according to designs and requirements. That includes every step from designing code architecture, through implementing business logic and UI, to writing automated tests, and deploying changes to production.
- Developing internal tools - automation tools, design system components, internal libraries.
- Doing some maintenance and bug fixing work when needed.
- Participating in code reviews, pair programming sessions, release trains, and other development rituals.
- Leading them from time to time.
- Following production deployments.
- Responding to production incidents in your own scope.
- Guiding less experienced developers, suggesting architectural improvements.
- Joining feature teams and working on feature tasks when needed, helping with transversal issues.
- Exploring new solutions, libraries, and services. That includes writing summaries for others to help them make better decisions.
- Improving our automation tools, configuring CI pipelines, developing new tools and processes, keeping projects up-to-date.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- Minimum 5 years of experience with Kotlin and Android.
- Experience with:

- Coroutines, MVI/MVVM and Compose.

- Git, CI, Google Play.

- REST APIs and any network communication library (we use Retrofit).

- Automated testing.

- Ability to apply SOLID principles in practice, to write modular, testable code.
- Working in a team, using agile methodologies, preferably with a large codebase.
- You have strong verbal and written English language skills.

## ✅ BENEFITS

- Variable bonus;
- The dynamic and creative environment within international teams;
- The variety of self-education courses on our e-learning platform;
- Participation in meetups and conferences locally and internationally;
- Flexible Office with up to 3 days at home.

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ 30-minute HR Screen with a Veepeeᵀᵉᶜʰ Recruiter
- 2️⃣ Technical exchange with a Tech Lead on site
- 3️⃣ System design interview
- 4️⃣ Manager interview

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself!For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗COMPANY For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/veepee-tech/>

**❓ WHO WE ARE**

*Veepeeᵀᵉᶜʰ is a tech community of 500 collaborators who play a key role in Veepee’s innovative strategy.*

*From Warsaw to Sevilla, through Brussels, Amsterdam, Paris, Lyon, Nantes, Nice, Barcelona, Madrid and Lausanne all our projects are developed in an agile environment with a wide skills variety where you’ll be sure to find your place, no matter the technology you work with.*

*If you love to try things why don’t you jump on this new adventure?*

Need more info > <https://careers.veepee.com/en/>

Vente-privee.com processes the collected data to handle the recruitment process, and to evaluate your ability to carry out the job offered and your professional skills. You can learn more about our use of your data and your rights by reading our [recruiting privacy policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQp18-SykzoTwEfiFm9XDKEI7ztTVpK0Xti4Z0j_PnHn69s5BnemTepLfsbIid-CQ/pub?lsrp=1).