<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p></p>
<h2 data-section-id="1jfg0cy" data-start="339" data-end="357">Role Overview</h2>
<p data-start="358" data-end="685">KKR is seeking to hire a Middle Office professional to join the Leveraged Credit Operations team in Dublin. The role supports a broad range of activities within the CLO Operations team, including, but not limited to, Asset Maintenance, Daily Trade Activity, MIS, Deal Closings, Trustee Reporting, and Portfolio Manager support.</p>
<p data-start="687" data-end="811">The successful candidate will also gain exposure to colleagues in our San Francisco, Gurugram, London, and New York offices.</p>
<h2 data-section-id="kw62d4" data-start="818" data-end="843">Key Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="847" data-end="866">Trustee Reporting</li>
<li data-start="869" data-end="896">Payment Date Calculations</li>
<li data-start="899" data-end="934">New Deal and Transaction Closings</li>
<li data-start="937" data-end="964">Portfolio Manager Support</li>
<li data-start="967" data-end="1077">Management of relationships with third-party Custodians and Administrators (US Bank, BNY Mellon, FIS Virtus)</li>
<li data-start="1080" data-end="1117">Reviewing daily exception reporting</li>
<li data-start="1120" data-end="1176">Ad hoc duties assisting other team members as required</li>
</ul>
<h2 data-section-id="dctb2z" data-start="1183" data-end="1218">Skills and Experience Required</h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="1222" data-end="1367">Demonstrated interest in the firm and the market, with a desire to learn about the firm and a broad range of investment products and activities</li>
<li data-start="1370" data-end="1442">Ability to work on own initiative and demonstrate a proactive approach</li>
<li data-start="1445" data-end="1528">Ability to work in a fast-paced, challenging environment with changing priorities</li>
<li data-start="1531" data-end="1585">Strong communication skills, both written and verbal</li>
<li data-start="1588" data-end="1616">Strong academic background</li>
<li data-start="1619" data-end="1753">Excellent interpersonal and teamwork skills, with the ability to work effectively with individuals at all levels of the organisation</li>
<li data-start="1756" data-end="1773">Professionalism</li>
<li data-start="1776" data-end="1827">Strong MS Excel skills with an analytical mindset</li>
<li data-start="1830" data-end="1861">Prior CLO knowledge preferred</li>
<li data-start="1864" data-end="1952">Prior experience with Advent Geneva and Allvue BMS Everest, or a similar product stack</li>
<li data-start="1955" data-end="2017">A strong focus on improving processes and executing at scale</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>