<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Our users are the heart of our business. Stripe’s Global Customer Success Team is responsible for managing our largest and most strategic relationships, such as Lyft, Doordash, and Shopify.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>In this manager role you’ll be responsible for a high-performing team of Customer Success Managers. You’ll lead and coach the team, helping them deliver on ambitious targets, as well as roll up your sleeves to work directly with executives at existing enterprise Stripe customers.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Recruit, train, and lead a team of Customer Success Managers</li>
<li>Help drive an engagement model focused on high growth accounts&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop both the long-term vision and strategy for the team and drive progress toward key metrics</li>
<li>Be accountable for increasing revenue, managing day-to-day operations, and scaling the team</li>
<li>Coach, mentor, and guide the team in developing consultative and solution-based customer success and sales skills</li>
<li>Effectively work cross-functionally across the organization to shape Stripe’s solutions to meet client needs</li>
<li>Inspire, motivate, and enable individual development to promote career growth of direct reports</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>The ideal candidate for this role will be a self-starter who has demonstrated success dealing with ambiguity, operating in a high-growth environment, and solving complicated problems with limited oversight. They will have management and leadership experience scaling a technology sales team, superior communication skills, and a knack for understanding unique customer needs. We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>7-10 years of technology sales or account management experience with 3-5 years of people management experience</li>
<li>Experience leading sales, account management and operations in an early stage, high-growth technology environment</li>
<li>Ability to hire, train, and coach a high-performance Customer Success team</li>
<li>Ability to support the Customer Success Managers’ efforts through strategic advice on account strategies, and serving as executive sponsor with key relationships</li>
<li>Demonstrated passion for Stripe’s mission</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience leading a scaled customer success team</li>
<li>Prior experience at a growth stage Internet/software company</li>
<li>Payments experience</li>
<li>Prior experience in customer success, enterprise account management, partnerships and/or business development</li>
</ul>