<p>We’re looking for a hardworking, driven individual with superb energy, passion and initiative for new business acquisition. The Senior Enterprise Account Executive role focuses exclusively on formulating and executing a sales strategy within an assigned territory, resulting in revenue growth and new customer acquisition.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Singapore for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Proactively prospect, identify, qualify and develop a sales pipeline</li>
<li>Close business to meet and exceed monthly, quarterly and annual bookings objectives</li>
<li>Build strong and effective relationships, resulting in growth opportunities</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement trainings, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
<li>Work closely with the Professional Services team to achieve customer satisfaction</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>BA/BS required</li>
<li>8+ years field experience of quota-carrying experience in a fast-paced and competitive market with a focus in Singapore Strategic account</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
<li>A track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets</li>
<li>Skilled in building business champions and running a complex sales process</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, develops and open source technology a plus</li>
<li>Driven and competitive: Possess a strong desire to be successful</li>
<li>Skilled in managing time and resources; sound approach to qualifying opportunities</li>
<li>Possess aptitude to learn quickly and establish credibility. High EQ and self-aware</li>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database) and developing and maintaining an in-depth understanding of MongoDB products</li>
<li>Ability to present &amp; excellent listening skills</li>
<li>Daring selling approach | consultative selling</li>
<li>Strong exposure to handling the assigned Market Track record of maintaining relationships with accounts</li>
<li>Experience working with Channels &amp; Ecosystems of ASEAN</li>
</ul>
<h3>Things we love</h3>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database)</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, develops and open source technology a plus</li>
</ul>
<h3>Why join now</h3>
<ul>
<li>MongoDB invests well above the industry average in development of each of our new hires &amp; continuous career development</li>
<li>Accelerators up to 30%</li>
<li>Best in breed Sales trainings in MEDDIC and Command of the Message, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamps and development programs</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Generous and competitive benefits (parental leave, fertility &amp; wellbeing support)</li>
<li>Friendly and inclusive workplace culture -&nbsp;<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture">Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>,</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID - 426065</p>