**The world’s most advanced VPN, and a whole lot more.**

If you’re a curious problem-solver who carves their own path, join the team behind Threat Protection Pro, the NordLynx protocol, and the fastest VPN on the planet—tools that put privacy, security, and control back in people’s hands.

**Your impact?** Helping millions take back control of their online security, privacy, and data.

Meet **NordVPN Threat Protection**, the product which makes NordVPN app more than a VPN. This innovative product enhances online security by protecting users from scams, phishing attempts, and other malicious activities. Additionally, it bolsters user privacy and enriches the web browsing experience by eliminating intrusive ads.

## Main Responsibilities

- Collaborate with the Threat Protection development team to build and automate infrastructure for the product
- Write scripts to expand and maintain automated Code delivery and Release pipelines using Docker, Gitlab CI, AWS
- Help build frameworks for automated unit/integration/E2E tests, as well as setting up various virtual test environments/services
- Design and manage infrastructure for a multi-tenant distributed environment
- Assist with service migration to and within cloud environments (S3, EC2, EMR, Kubernetes)
- Ensure the application of best practices including but not limited to security, availability, and observability of the infrastructure.

## Core Requirements

- Experience as a DevOps, System or Infrastructure Engineer or a similar engineering role
- Proficiency with Linux systems and tools; knowledge of Windows administration strongly appreciated
- Working knowledge of Git and Git workflows
- Experience with scripting languages (e.g. Shell, Bash, Python, etc.)
- Experience implementing CI/CD principles, understanding of build systems and tooling (preferably Make, CMake, Conan, Ninja)
- Understanding of software composition principles: compilation, linking, loading of binaries and dependency management in major operating systems
- Knowledge of virtualization and containerization principles
- Experience working with cloud technologies and tooling: Configuration as code (Ansible, Terraform), Dockerization, EKS/Kubernetes
- Ownership mindset around your work and a desire for understanding of how systems interact including those outside your immediate area of expertise
- Critical thinking with a high degree of professionalism, flexibility, and attention to detail.

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 3600-7400 EUR/Month.

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*