<div class="content-intro"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>About Neo4j:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is the graph intelligence platform that transforms data into knowledge to power the next generation of intelligent applications and AI systems. It includes enterprise-ready knowledge graphs for accurate, explainable, and governed AI; the most comprehensive, trusted, and easy-to-deploy graph capabilities across any environment and data source; and an unmatched ecosystem trusted by 84 of the Fortune 100 and supported by the world’s largest graph community.&nbsp;Intelligence that works. Results that matter.</p>
<p>Built to work everywhere and integrate with everything across every cloud for dynamic, personalized, and autonomous AI systems. We deliver quicker results, contextual knowledge, and solutions that impact customers and employees across the business.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Our Vision:&nbsp;</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Neo4j, we have always strived to help the world make sense of data.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As business, society and knowledge become increasingly connected, our technology promotes innovation by helping organizations to find and understand data relationships. We created, drive and lead the graph database category, and we’re disrupting how organizations leverage their data to innovate and stay competitive.</span></p>
</div></div><p>The Developer Advocate will be the bridge between our developer community and the company. This role is responsible for promoting our products and technologies to developers, and advocating for developer needs within the organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate balances leadership and participation, lifting a community up with equal parts inspiration and celebration. You are an active learner and educator, presenter and listener, builder and champion.</p>
<p>We are looking for a candidate who is geographically located in India and can regularly attend and speak at meetups.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<p>Developer Engagement:</p>
<ul>
<li>Build and nurture relationships with developers, both internally and externally.</li>
<li>Act as a trusted resource and advocate for developers, addressing their questions and concerns.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the developer community through forums, social media, and other channels.</li>
</ul>
<p>Product Knowledge and Expertise:</p>
<ul>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of our products and technologies.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with industry trends, emerging technologies, and competitors.</li>
<li>Use product knowledge to provide valuable insights and support to developers.</li>
</ul>
<p>Developer Support:</p>
<ul>
<li>Provide technical support to developers, helping them overcome challenges and issues.</li>
<li>Create and maintain documentation, tutorials, and resources to aid developers.</li>
<li>Offer hands-on assistance and guidance to developers during product integration.</li>
</ul>
<p>Advocacy and Feedback:</p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the voice of developers within the organization, advocating for their needs and preferences.</li>
<li>Provide actionable feedback and insights from the developer community to influence product development.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to enhance the developer experience.</li>
</ul>
<p>Community Building:</p>
<ul>
<li>Organize and participate in developer events, webinars, and meetups.</li>
<li>Foster a sense of community among developers, encouraging collaboration and knowledge sharing.</li>
<li>Identify and engage developer influencers and champions.</li>
</ul>
<p>Content Creation:</p>
<ul>
<li>Create developer-focused content, including blog posts, technical articles, videos, and presentations.</li>
<li>Ensure that content aligns with the interests and needs of the developer community.</li>
<li>Promote and share valuable content through various channels.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.</li>
<li>3+ years of experience in developer advocacy, developer relations, or a related technical role.</li>
<li>Fluent in language for target communities (English)</li>
<li>Strong technical knowledge and familiarity with developer tools, APIs, and technologies.</li>
<li>Public github repos, blogs and/or videos</li>
<li>Exceptional communication and presentation skills.</li>
<li>Empathy for developers and their needs.</li>
<li>Passion for technology and developer communities.</li>
<li>Strong networking and relationship-building skills.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Why Join Neo4j?</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is, without question, the most popular graph intelligence platform in the world. We have customers in every industry globally, and our products are a proven product/market fit. Joining our team is an opportunity to shape the future of data and analytics. Below are just a few exciting facts about Neo4j.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Neo4j is one of the fastest-scaling technology companies in this industry. It <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/neo4j-revenue-milestone-2024/">recently surpassed $200M</a> in annual recurring revenue (ARR), doubling its ARR <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/2021-company-momentum/">over the past three years.</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li>Raised the biggest funding round in database history ($325M Series F). Backed by world-class investors like Eurazeo, GV (formerly Google Ventures), and Inovia Capital, Neo4j has raised over $600M in funding and is currently valued at over $2Bn. This puts Neo4j among the most well-funded database companies in history.</li>
<li>84% of the Fortune 100 and 58% of the Fortune 500 use Neo4j. Examples include <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/boston-scientific/">Boston Scientific</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/bt/">BT Group</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/caterpillar/">Caterpillar</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/cisco/">Cisco</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/comcast/">Comcast</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/department-for-education-uk/">Department for Education UK</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/ebay/">eBay</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/nbc-news/">NBC News</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/novo-nordisk/">Novo Nordisk</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/worldline/">Worldline</a>, and <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/">others</a>.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Co-founder and CEO Emil Eifrem has built an amazing culture that prides itself on relationships, inclusiveness, innovation, and customer success.</li>
<li>Countless <a href="https://neo4j.com/awards/">industry awards</a>. Massive enterprises and individual developers/data scientists love Neo4j. A strong sense of community and ecosystem is built around the platform.</li>
<li>A recent Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Study cited Neo4j as delivering 417% ROI to customers.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="https://www.bizjournals.com/bizwomen/news/profiles-strategies/2022/07/getting-the-job-how-gender-equity.html?page=all">Research</a> shows that members of underrepresented communities are less likely to apply for jobs when they don’t meet all the qualifications. <strong>If this is part of the reason you hesitate to apply, we’d encourage you to reconsider and give us the opportunity to review your application. </strong>At Neo4j, we are committed to building awareness and helping to improve these issues.&nbsp;</p>
<p>One of our central objectives is to provide an inclusive, diverse, and equitable workplace for everyone to develop their potential and have a positive, career-defining experience. We look forward to receiving your application.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Neo4j Values:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is a Silicon Valley company with a Swedish soul. We foster collaboration and each of us is empowered to contribute and put our innovative stamp on projects. We hire candidates who reflect the following Neo4j core values:</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:VALUE]-&gt;(relationships)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:FOCUS\_ON]-&gt;(userSuccess)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:THRIVE\_IN]-&gt;(:Culture {type: [‘Open’, ‘Inclusive’]})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:ASSUME]-&gt;(:Intent {direction:’Positive’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:WELCOME]-&gt;(:Discussions {nature: ‘IntellectuallyHonest’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:DELIVER\_ON]-&gt;(ourCommitments)&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the</span><a href="https://neo4j.com/privacy-policy/recruitment-process/?ref=hr-"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">privacy notice regarding Neo4j's recruitment process</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to understand how we will handle the personal data that you provide.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<span style="font-weight: 400;">More information at</span><a href="http://www.neo4j.com/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"><a href="https://www.neo4j.com">www.neo4j.com</a></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-weight: 400;">©2026 Neo4j, Inc., Neo Technology®, Neo4j®, Cypher®, Neo4j Bloom™, Neo4j Graph Data Science Library™, Neo4j® Aura™, and Neo4j® AuraDB™ are registered trademarks or a trademark of Neo4j, Inc. All other marks are owned by their respective companies.</span></div></div>