<p>CSQ327R137</p>
<h3><strong>Sr. Technical Program Manager, Public Sector - Professional Services (PubSec)</strong></h3>
<p>At Databricks, our core principles are at the heart of everything we do; creating a culture of proactiveness and a customer-centric mindset guides us to create a unified platform that makes data science and analytics accessible to everyone. We aim to inspire our customers to make informed decisions that push their business forward. We provide a user-friendly and intuitive platform that makes it easy to turn insights into action and fosters a culture of creativity, experimentation, and continuous improvement. You will be an essential part of this mission, using your technical expertise to demonstrate how our Data Intelligence Platform can help customers solve their complex data challenges. You'll work with a collaborative, customer-focused team that values innovation and creativity, using your skills to create customized solutions to help our customers achieve their goals and guide their businesses forward. Join us in our quest to change how people work with data and make a better world!</p>
<p>As a Sr. Technical Program Manager at Databricks, you will be a key driver in our Professional Services team's mission to accelerate and de-risk customer outcomes. Your role is central to achieving project goals and maintaining exceptional customer satisfaction, particularly within our U.S. Government customer base. While you are not expected to have hands-on coding experience, your technical acumen and strategic influence will be critical for guiding complex engagements to success. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to deliver excellence at every stage.</p>
<h3><strong>The Impact You Will Have</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Be responsible for the successful delivery of our most complex customer engagements by providing technical leadership and guidance to the implementation team.</li>
<li>Guide technical teams through key architectural decisions, helping them navigate trade-offs between established and innovative approaches.</li>
<li>Proactively identify and mitigate technical risks and dependencies that could impact project timelines and goals.</li>
<li>Individually deliver on commitments by producing high-quality deliverables, status reports, program plans, and customer responses that require minimal rework.</li>
<li>Effectively manage all aspects of a program, including scope, schedule, budget, risk, and resources, with a focus on technical complexity.</li>
<li>Act as the primary point of escalation for customers regarding technical delivery issues and, as needed, escalate to other parts of Databricks for rapid resolution.</li>
<li>Build trust and credibility with technical teams and stakeholders by clearly articulating Databricks’ vision and solutions and facilitating productive, goal-oriented meetings.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What We Look For</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Technical Acumen &amp; Decision Making:</strong> A proven ability to stay current on technology trends and make sound technical decisions without being a hands-on coder.</li>
<li><strong>Program &amp; Project Management:</strong> Experience managing large, complex engagements and mitigating unexpected technical challenges. Familiarity with managing the trade-offs between scope, budget, and timeline.</li>
<li><strong>Communication &amp; Leadership:</strong> Excellent communication, negotiation, and conflict resolution skills. A track record of influencing technical teams and effectively tailoring messages for different audiences, from engineers to executives.</li>
<li>Experience with BI, data management, and big data technologies is preferred.</li>
<li>Proven ability to multitask and manage multiple engagements while delivering a high level of customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>The candidate must be clearable with the US Government.</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Pay Range Transparency</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-size: 14px;">Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents the expected salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.&nbsp; Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks anticipates utilizing the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page <a href="https://www.databricks.com/sites/default/files/2024-08/us-pay-zone-mapping.pdf">here</a>.<br></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><div class="title">Zone 2 Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$127,700</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$175,550 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>