<p>When travelers are searching for a hotel, we want the obvious choice to be trivago! By comparing prices from major booking sites, we're making it easy for people to find hotels they want at a price they'll love. In the lively city of Düsseldorf, we seize opportunities to learn everyday, innovate, and make an enduring mark on the travel industry. A career at trivago is a journey designed for people who crave continuous development and want to thrive in a high-performing team. Here you will find those who aren't afraid of change but rather embrace it, turning every challenge into a pathway for growth. Join trivago, work with a great team, and grow with us!</p>
<h3><strong>Join us in making a difference</strong></h3>
<p>We’re seeking a <strong>Media Buying Lead Europe + LatAm (TV/Streaming)</strong>&nbsp;to drive our media strategy and execution across a high-impact region. You will oversee significant budgets, optimize campaigns for peak brand performance, negotiate with key media partners, and lead a talented team dedicated to growth. If you excel in fast-paced, results-oriented environments and thrive on building efficient, high-performing media operations, this role is for you.</p>
<h3><strong>How you'll make an impact:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Build and lead a high-performing media buying team and foster culture of operational excellence and innovation</li>
<li>Own end-to-end strategy and execution for multi-million-dollar, multi-channel campaigns</li>
<li>Negotiate with media partners to secure optimal pricing and build strong relationships to support both long term and short term campaign goals</li>
<li>Drive data led optimizations ensuring brand KPIs and business goals are consistently met</li>
<li>Collaborate cross functionally with teams across trivago.</li>
<li>Deliver clear and actionable performance insights; stay ahead of industry trends and champion innovative opportunities for our media strategy</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What you'll need to thrive:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Extensive hands-on experience with large-scale media buying across TV, Streaming and Radio.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of brand performance marketing, customer acquisition, and media budget management.</li>
<li>Strong analytical mindset with the ability to turn data into clear, actionable insights.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and experience working with cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>Results-driven mindset with a focus on measurable business outcomes.</li>
<li>Ability to excel in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with tight deadlines.</li>
<li>Ability to travel frequently for business trips</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Stand out with</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in media buying within a high-growth environment.</li>
<li>Background in tech, travel, e-commerce, or other fast-scaling industries.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of cross-channel media strategy and brand performance optimization.</li>
<li>Experience with advanced analytics tools, automation, or media tech stacks.</li>
<li>Familiarity with international markets and managing multi-region campaigns.</li>
<li>Proficiency with major media buying platforms (e.g., Google Ads, Meta Business Manager, programmatic DSPs).</li>
</ul>
<p>Worried about missing a few requirements? Still apply, and express your motivation as you may just be the right candidate for this or other roles!</p>
<h3><strong>What you can look forward to:</strong></h3>
<p><strong>As you grow, so do we.</strong><br>This is why at trivago, we prioritize your development, offer personalized coaching through Nilo, and provide workshops, educational meetups, conferences, free online learning courses, and access to a fully-equipped campus library.<br><strong>Moving to join us?</strong><br>No problem. You can count on the visa support from our talent support team, a relocation package, interest-free newcomer loan, free language classes, regular team and company-wide events to build experiences together.<br><strong>Life happens.</strong><br>We offer self-determined vacation (with a minimum of 25 vacation days), flexible working hours, up to 2 work from home days weekly. Additionally you can work remotely from a different location, within Germany or selected countries abroad for up to 20 days per year. You also get free access to the Heycare platform for personalized nanny assistance, and an on-campus kids room.<br><strong>Enjoy your office days.</strong><br>Use your daily canteen budget to share lunch with colleagues in our canteen, help yourself to complimentary snacks and drinks in our kitchens, <strong>choose from a variety of fitness options with our on-site gym, sports classes, and Urban Sports Club membership</strong>, and enjoy the comfort of ergonomic desks and focused work areas.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>Thank you for considering a career at trivago! Our commitment to fostering an inclusive and enriching environment for all talents is at the heart of what we do. We understand that embarking on a new job opportunity is a blend of excitement and curiosity. Should any questions arise before you apply, feel free to reach out to us at </em><strong><em><a href="mailto:joinus@trivago.com">joinus@trivago.com</a></em></strong><em>. Join us in our mission to make a positive impact on global travel, w</em><em>e look forward to your application!</em></p>
<p style="display: none;">#LI-Hybrid</p></div>