<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe continues to develop innovative products that serve businesses of all sizes around the world, risk will increase in complexity and scale. Joining the Risk Partnerships team, you will play a critical role in the company’s financial and partnership health, enabling Stripe’s growth while partnering with internal and external stakeholders to understand, manage and mitigate against key risks related to financial partners.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>Stripe is seeking a Risk Partnerships Manager covering our most important financial partners including bank sponsors, Local Payment methods and other key partners. This role will be instrumental in enabling new products and payment methods to help Stripe scale for the future. It’s expected that the Risk Partnerships Manager will be a subject matter expert in card network and bank sponsor programs and requirements. You will develop expertise on Stripe’s risk policies in areas including fraud, credit, and brand risks. You will be relied upon to keep pace with emerging trends in the payments and fintech industries.</p>
<p>You will build strategic relationships with Risk counterparts at major financial partners to help drive Stripe’s risk and commercial initiatives. It is equally crucial for you to develop trusting and collaborative relationships with internal stakeholders that will provide subject matter expertise, and be able to execute across multiple programs and initiatives in parallel. Your work will be highly visible to Risk leadership and will be instrumental to driving our future growth.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Manage key risk relationships with financial partners including bank sponsors, local payment method, and key partners that enable new products and payment methods.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build relationships, understand financial partner requirements, and advocate for Stripe’s users and product teams with external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Effectively communicate complex financial partner risk requirements to Stripe leadership. Ensure these are understood and correctly prioritized by Risk and the broader Global Partnerships team, as well as other cross-functional teams within the organization.</li>
<li>Represent Stripe’s risk controls and processes to bank partners, card networks, regulators and other external parties. Develop expertise in Stripe’s risk management systems and maintain a strong understanding of Stripe’s risk posture and evolving technical foundations.</li>
<li>Contribute to Stripe risk strategy objectives by proposing process improvements, new risk policies, capabilities, and other areas of thought leadership to drive the company vision.</li>
<li>Collaborate with our Financial Partnerships team to drive and advocate for risk objectives in balance with business objectives.</li>
<li>Cultivate strong working relationships with colleagues across Risk, Product, Engineering and Operations teams to prioritize, scope and roll out product launches and enhancements.</li>
<li>Manage top priority user escalations and incident remediations, as needed.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of professional experience, including 2+ years in the payments industry (Risk Management experience preferred).</li>
<li>Partner-facing experience with APAC Payment methods, acquiring bank sponsors, or additional relevant payment methods in APAC.</li>
<li>A strong sense of ownership, resilience, and a drive to have an impact.</li>
<li>Experience in managing day to day risk initiatives, requirements and incidents across a variety of internal and external partners.</li>
<li>Strong stakeholder management skills including navigating difficult situations, negotiating timelines, and influencing internal and external stakeholders across organizations and borders.</li>
<li>An analytical, data-driven approach to decision-making – you understand how to partner with Data Science to build metrics and track progress across various monitoring programs.</li>
<li>Demonstrated project/program management skills and a proven track record for building and scaling programs from the ground up.</li>
<li>Excellent collaboration, communication, and relationship building skills. Must have the ability to convey complex ideas succinctly to all audiences.</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize work appropriately and stay focused on the most important and most impactful initiatives at any given time.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You have an in-depth understanding of product and payment risk platforms.</li>
<li>Effective program management skills and a proven track record for building and scaling programs from the ground up.</li>
<li>Familiarity with SQL and working with large datasets is a plus.</li>
</ul>