<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<p>Based in Dublin, the Private Wealth Fund Controller will report to the International Private Wealth Controller in Dublin and will be responsible for all day-to-day financial activities of regulated Luxembourg investment fund platforms supervised by the CSSF and managed by KKR and will be a valued member of the Finance team. Specific responsibilities include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the fund controllership and financial reporting processes for KKR's open ended private wealth funds.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Serve as KKR's internal oversight of the funds' administrator - responsible for overseeing and reviewing fund accounting deliverables, including valuations and financial statements associated with Fund reporting close periods.</li>
<li>Prepare and review public and regulatory filings in conjunction with the Funds' external administrator.</li>
<li>Provide oversight of cash reconciliations and variance resolutions, managing communications with the third-party administrator.</li>
<li>Maintain and oversee expense processing and budgets for funds.</li>
<li>Liaise with internal KKR teams, including Client Solutions, Client Services, Compliance, Legal, Tax, and deal teams, to manage and review the fund administrator's deliverables.</li>
<li>Assist with internal quarterly reporting of the Funds' asset and revenue figures.</li>
<li>Assist with resolving all investor queries and completing reporting templates.</li>
<li>Provide oversight on fund admin's work mandate, Service Level Agreements, performance metrics, schedules, etc.</li>
<li>Assist with the Funds' annual audits, coordinating with the fund administrator and external auditors.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE/QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p>
<p>The successful candidate will have at least 8+ years of relevant financial experience and will possess the following:</p>
<ul>
<li>Private equity/infrastructure and private markets experience.</li>
<li>Experience at a MiFID/ AIFM Management Company in a management role and/or in private equity, investment banking, management consulting or public accounting firm preferred.</li>
<li>Ideally, the candidate would have experience in open-ended fund structures with monthly or quarterly subscriptions and redemptions.</li>
<li>Ideally, the candidate would have experience with global funds that involve multi-jurisdictional structures, currency, and cash management.</li>
<li>Outstanding business judgment: contributes to broader business matters and complex decisions addressed by the senior management team.</li>
<li>Exceptionally strong financial and analytical capabilities.</li>
<li>Effective communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills. Ability to influence and partner across the firm, as well as externally.</li>
<li>Proven to have a presence and a voice internally and externally with a range of constituents.</li>
<li>Ability to attract, develop, motivate, and retain finance/accounting talent.</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree required. ACA and/or advanced degree in finance or related field preferred.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-ONSITE&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>