<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><p><strong>Your Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>Join our team as an Senior Account Executive, where you'll focus&nbsp;<strong>exclusively</strong> on introducing New Relic to <strong>new customers</strong> in the <strong>Nordic</strong>&nbsp;region. You'll build relationships with&nbsp;<strong>potential new clients</strong>, listen to their challenges, and show them how our solutions can help their business succeed.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a collaborative role where you'll partner with internal teams—including solution consultants, marketing, and customer success—to create thoughtful strategies to <strong>acquire new customers</strong> and help them thrive.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Develop Your Territory:</strong> Build meaningful relationships with key stakeholders in your target accounts for the Nordic region. Your goal will be to become a trusted advisor by understanding their needs and matching them with the right solutions from our portfolio.</li>
<li><strong>Create New Opportunities:</strong> Partner with our marketing and demand generation teams on campaigns, while also developing your own strategies to engage prospective customers. You'll connect with stakeholders at various levels to build trust and spark interest in New Relic.</li>
<li><strong>Manage Your Sales Cycle:</strong> Guide opportunities from initial conversation to close. You'll maintain accurate forecasts, keep your activities updated in Salesforce, and communicate your progress to the team.</li>
<li><strong>Stay Curious:</strong> Learn about your prospective customers' business goals and technology stacks. By staying informed about their industries, you can better identify opportunities where New Relic can provide significant value.</li>
<li><strong>Grow Your Product Knowledge:</strong> Develop a strong understanding of the New Relic platform. We are committed to your growth and will provide the resources you need to confidently demonstrate our products.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Qualifications</strong></p>
<p>We believe that experience comes in many forms and are dedicated to building a diverse and inclusive team. If you believe you have the skills to be successful in this role, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in a B2B software or technology sales role, with a <strong>proven track record of acquiring new customers and logos.</strong></li>
<li>A motivated, <strong>hunter-first,</strong> and goal-oriented mindset, with a passion for helping <strong>prospective</strong> customers solve problems.</li>
<li>Familiarity with subscription-based or SaaS sales models.</li>
<li>Strong relationship-building skills and the ability to communicate clearly and effectively.</li>
<li>A collaborative spirit for working with internal partners, like Solution Consultants and marketing teams.</li>
<li>Experience of the Nordic and Benelux markets would be an advantage but not necessary&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.</strong></p>
<p>#LI-RM1 #LI-<em data-stringify-type="italic">IRemote&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>