<p>MongoDB continues to grow incredibly fast. This is the perfect opportunity to roll up your sleeves and have a positive impact at a hyper-growth company. We’re looking for someone who is excited to join a team where they can proactively identify and implement systems and process improvements to help grow and scale the business. In this high impact role, you will work closely with executives and internal functions including Sales, Sales Operations, Sales Analytics, Deal Desk, Business Systems, Finance and Accounting, and HR to improve and establish processes and systems for our next stage of growth.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurugram for our hybrid working model.</p>
<p>Shift Timings: 6:00 PM-2:00 AM -Night Shift (Cabs will be provided)</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<p>We are looking for a highly motivated Sales Commissions Analyst to play a key role within MongoDB’s Sales Compensation Team. This highly visible position is key to supporting the continued rapid growth of the Company and will be primarily responsible for administration &amp; analysis of the Global Sales Incentive Plans. We are looking for someone who is detail oriented with excellent organizational and time management skills. Excellent verbal and written communication, and collaborative skills are also required to interface in a cross functional teaming environment with various levels of management. This is an excellent opportunity for a sharp, eager professional passionate about working in a dynamic environment with one of the fastest growing companies in the Database Market.</p>
<ul>
<li>Responsible for the administration of MongoDB’s Global Sales Compensation Plan in Xactly Incent, including timely electronic distribution and acceptance tracking of plans</li>
<li>Responsible for the calculations of MDB compensation plans to ensure payments are accurate, complete, and in compliance with company policy and practice</li>
<li>Partner with Sales Operations and Sales Finance to maintain and deploy worldwide annual compensation plans on time</li>
<li>Assist with identifying opportunities for efficiencies and improvements within commissions process and workflows&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support and test the design and implementation of sales compensation plans, policies, and process changes throughout the year</li>
<li>Provide ongoing quality support to our sales customers and resolve commission cases and exceptions in a timely manner</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally with our partners, including Business Systems, to scale the commissions process and systems aligning with Company growth</li>
<li>Provide ongoing training for newly hired and existing sales representatives and management on Xactly software and commission processes</li>
<li>Work closely with Human Resources and Sales Operations to track changes in sales employee data for new hires, terminations, promotions, transfers, compensation and retroactive changes</li>
<li>Prepare and post monthly sales commission and bonus accruals and payments on time</li>
<li>Assist with ad hoc commission data gathering, reporting, analysis and other projects as needed</li>
<li>Develop and assist with maintaining written process documents needed to effectively manage all comp</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID - 4263344420</p>