<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3><strong>ABOUT THE TEAM</strong></h3>
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
<p>Tide is seeking an exceptional Product Designer to join our team in the Experience Foundations area. The core mission of the team is to empower all our product teams to create seamless and innovative products so that our members love every interaction with our product. We are at a pivotal point in Tide’s history where we are taking a great product and want to make it exceptional. We are growing the team with experienced contributors that are passionate about quality and craft of user experiences to help us shape the next phase of Tide’s growth. In this role you will have the opportunity to directly impact the experience of Tide’s million members across the globe.&nbsp;</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<h3><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE</strong></h3>
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
<ul>
<li>You'll be embedded in a cross-functional squad, partnering with your team throughout the product lifecycle from discovery through to launch and future iterations.</li>
<li>Using your full range of Product Design skills to discover, research, design and deliver engaging, well crafted experiences across mobile and web.</li>
<li>Evolving design concepts from early-stage prototypes to high-fidelity mock-ups.</li>
<li>You'll deeply understand the members you're designing for. Whether it's running your own user research sessions, gleaning previous insights or digging into usage analytics.</li>
<li>You’ll play a supporting role in the evolving design process at Tide; helping estimate design effort required, tracking to OKRs, and measuring how experience impacts our members.</li>
<li>You’ll work alongside colleagues within the Design practice: UX Research and UX Writing, to understand the core needs of our members’, and find innovative and well-thought ways to meet these needs.</li>
<li>You’ll use and contribute to the Tide Design System to create experiences that keep the experience for our members consistent and world-class.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR</strong></h3>
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
<ul>
<li>At least 4+ years of experience designing digital products for web and mobile platforms in a product design or UX role.</li>
<li>A portfolio or case study that demonstrates great product thinking, user experience, interaction, and visual design skills, a clear process and measurable impact (results).</li>
<li>Ability to identify when research is needed and experience in running your own moderated sessions with users.</li>
<li>Experience designing complex products and ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional peers in product and engineering.</li>
<li>You are a great storyteller who can clearly paint a compelling picture of the ‘why’ that underpins your work.</li>
<li>You’re impact-driven and are able to be pragmatic about trade offs, striking the balance between going fast and going slow.</li>
<li>Understanding of the end-to-end design process from ideation to launch and ability to collaborate with engineers to troubleshoot any technical issues that arise, ensuring that the product meets performance and quality standards.</li>
<li>Demonstrable proficiency in Figma.</li>
<li>Good understanding of Design Systems and accessibility, to ensure consistency, scalability, and inclusivity.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3><strong>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</strong></h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a flexible workplace model that supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>#LI-CC1</strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>