<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Spain (Remote)
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p>Grafana Labs is a remote-first, open-source powerhouse. There are more than 20M users of Grafana, the open source visualization tool, around the globe, monitoring everything from beehives to climate change in the Alps. The instantly recognizable dashboards have been spotted everywhere from a NASA launch and Minecraft HQ to Wimbledon and the Tour de France. Grafana Labs also helps more than 3,000 companies -- including Bloomberg, JPMorgan Chase, and eBay -- manage their observability strategies with the Grafana LGTM Stack, which can be run fully managed with <a href="https://grafana.com/products/cloud/">Grafana Cloud</a> or self-managed with the <a href="https://grafana.com/products/enterprise/">Grafana Enterprise Stack</a>, both featuring scalable metrics (<a href="https://grafana.com/oss/mimir/">Grafana Mimir</a>), logs (<a href="https://grafana.com/oss/loki/">Grafana Loki</a>), and traces (<a href="https://grafana.com/oss/tempo/">Grafana Tempo</a>).</p><br><p>We’re scaling fast and staying true to what makes us different: an open-source legacy, a global collaborative culture, and a passion for meaningful work. Our team thrives in an innovation-driven environment where transparency, autonomy, and trust fuel everything we do.</p><br><p>You may not meet every requirement, and that’s okay. If this role excites you, we’d love you to raise your hand for what could be a truly career-defining opportunity.</p></div><div><p><span></span></p><br><p><strong>The Opportunity:</strong></p><br><p>We are looking for an experienced product marketer to join as a key member of the Grafana Labs Product Marketing team. In this role, you will be responsible for creating Go-To-Market programs that effectively position the value of Grafana Labs and its products to solve the needs of target customers. You will show how our products and solutions — as well as our open source strategy — help prospects and customers achieve their goals.&nbsp;</p><br><p>As a Staff Product Marketing Manager, you will be in charge of the messaging and positioning across key personas and product areas. You’ll work closely with both product management and enablement to help buyers buy (and sellers sell) our value.</p><br><p>Product Marketing lives within the Product org rather than the Marketing org at Grafana Labs, and we are thinking differently about product marketing. Rather than purely executing launches or campaigns, we want PMMs to teach Product Managers and Engineers in our org how to think about growth and demand, and to codify product marketing knowledge in tools and processes that anyone in the organization can use.</p><br><p>Grafana Labs is a fast-paced and growing organization. As such, this role requires both strategic and planning skills as well as hands-on tactical execution (blogs, webinar outlines, video scripts, etc).</p><br><p><strong>What You'll Be Doing:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Actively partner with and teach Product Managers to define product value, messaging, and go-to-market strategy, from competitive positioning to sales enablement collateral.</li><br><li>Partner with product management, engineering and various go-to-market functions to create materials that help customers evaluate and adopt our products: reference architectures, implementation guides, detailed product information.</li><br><li>Own and manage the launch of new products/features relevant to target buyers</li><br><li>Conduct internal and customer research to understand pain points, competition and opportunities</li><br><li>Teach go-to-market and sales teams how to gain value from our products: clearly define the capabilities of our products and the value they provide, deliver training and enablement, ensure customer facing teams are able to effectively engage with customers, partners, and prospects.</li><br><li>Own customer lifecycle campaigns (competitive positioning, retention, upsell/cross-sell) to strategically shape marketing programs and drive growth across the entire customer journey.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>What Makes You a Great Fit:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>6+ years of relevant experience (product marketing, solutions marketing, product management)</li><br><li>Experience with marketing and selling to a technical audience</li><br><li>A passion for open source, cloud native, and infrastructure technologies&nbsp;</li><br><li>Proven ability to take on complex projects and efficiently drive them from start to finish</li><br><li>Ability to clearly articulate the value of technical products to customers and sellers alike</li><br><li>Experience leading product or feature launches autonomously as well as part of a team</li><br><li>Comfort working with a variety of internal and external stakeholders in complicated processes</li><br><li>Strong product and technical curiosity that translate to clear packaging, positioning, and messaging</li><br><li>Demonstrated quantitative analytical skills for analyzing campaign performance, evaluating lifecycle metrics, and making data-driven recommendations.</li><br><li>Exceptional writing and communication skills</li><br><li>A high “say-do” ratio in executing and delivering impact&nbsp;</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role</strong></p><br><p>You’ll bring a passion for quality, pride in the strategic impact of your work, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.</p><br><p><strong>Compensation &amp; Rewards:</strong></p><br><p>In Spain, the Base compensation range for this role is <span>94,025</span> EUR - <span>112,830</span>EUR. Actual compensation may vary based on level, experience, and skillset as assessed throughout the interview process. All of our roles include Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), giving every team member ownership in Grafana Labs' success. We believe in shared outcomes—RSUs help us stay aligned and invested as we scale globally.</p><br><p><span></span></p></div><div><div><br><p><em>*Compensation ranges are country specific. If you are applying for this role from a different location than listed above, your recruiter will discuss your specific market’s defined pay range &amp; benefits at the beginning of the process.</em></p><br><p><strong>Why You’ll Thrive at Grafana Labs:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li><strong>100% Remote, Global Culture -&nbsp;</strong>As a remote-only company, we bring together talent from around the world, united by a culture of collaboration and shared purpose.</li><br><li><strong>Scaling Organization</strong> – Tackle meaningful work in a high-growth, ever-evolving environment.</li><br><li><strong>Transparent Communication</strong> – Expect open decision-making and regular company-wide updates.</li><br><li><strong>Innovation-Driven</strong> – Autonomy and support to ship great work and try new things.</li><br><li><strong>Open Source Roots</strong> – Built on community-driven values that shape how we work.</li><br><li><strong>Empowered Teams</strong> – High trust, low ego culture that values outcomes over optics.</li><br><li><strong>Career Growth Pathways</strong> – Defined opportunities to grow and develop your career.</li><br><li><strong>Approachable Leadership</strong> – Transparent execs who are involved, visible, and human.</li><br><li><strong>Passionate People</strong> – Join a team of smart, supportive folks who care deeply about what they do.</li><br><li><strong>In-Person onboarding </strong>- We want you to thrive from day 1 with your fellow new ‘Grafanistas’ to learn all about what we do and how we do it.&nbsp;</li><br><li><strong>Balance is Key</strong> - We operate a global annual leave policy of 30 days per annum. 3 days of your annual leave entitlement are reserved for Grafana Shutdown Days to allow the team to really disconnect. <em>*We will comply with local legislation where applicable.</em></li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Equal Opportunity Employer:</strong> We will recruit, train, compensate and promote regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, disability, age, veteran status, and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different and unique. We believe that equality and diversity builds a strong organization and we’re working hard to make sure that’s the foundation of our organization as we grow.</p><br><p><em>Grafana Labs may utilize AI tools in its recruitment process to assist in matching information provided in CVs to job postings. The recruitment team will continue to review inbound CVs manually to identify alignment with current openings.</em></p><br><p>#LI-Remote</p><br></div><br><div><em>For information about how your personal data is used once you’ve applied to a job, check out our .&nbsp;</em></div><br><div>&nbsp;</div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/grafana-labs-staff-product-marketing-manager-spain-remote">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/grafana-labs-staff-product-marketing-manager-spain-remote</a></p>