<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community you will join:</strong></p>
<p>Airbnb’s public policy team exists to further the interests of our community of hosts and guests with politicians, regulators, opinion leaders and others who shape the political and legal context for our business, helping them to understand the significant social and economic contributions of our platform. Across the EMEA region, we are engaged in well over a hundred local conversations and negotiations with governments big and small. We engage governments at local, regional, national and EU levels directly and also use innovative advocacy and partnership strategies that actively involve our community and our stakeholders in making the case for fair, progressive home sharing rules.</p>
<p>The Iberia Public Policy and Campaign team is responsible for managing our government affairs and public policy strategy and engagement in the region, with a primary focus on Spain and Portugal. We operate proactively and reactively, building policy solutions that ensure our host community can strive. Our work is supplemented and amplified by a range of digital, communications, and host engagement tools. We are now looking for a Senior Public Policy Manager, Iberia to support the team in this work.</p>
<p><strong>The Difference you will make:</strong></p>
<p>The Senior Public Policy Manager, Iberia will support our campaigns across Iberia, with a special focus on Spain. The person in this role needs to be a self starter and will be a key member of the multi-skilled campaign team, defining policy goals and positions, co-shaping and implementing the campaign team’s strategy as well as developing strategic partnerships. You will be working alongside other functional experts who support those goals through content, community engagement and media relations. This role will report to the Campaign Lead for Iberia.</p>
<p>In this role you must be skilled in regulatory work and policy engagement with a wide variety of external stakeholders at national and regional but also at local level - able to work proactively with elected officials, governments as well as administrative bodies to help stakeholders understand the contribution of the collaborative economy to sustainable tourism.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will be passionate about Airbnb’s mission, and have proven experience in regulatory, and political work in a relevant business or non-governmental organization, or in a political, governmental or regulatory context. Experience in tourism and housing will be a plus.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Frequent travel within Spain and Portugal will be expected. This role must be located in Madrid, but it can involve working from home. The role is also likely to involve occasional travel in Europe and also to our global headquarters in San Francisco.</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Support the Iberia Campaign Lead in developing political strategies and priorities, advise on local needs, plan relevant activities and design policy positions across these geographies;</li>
<li>Identify partnership and alliance opportunities - new potential partners and partnerships programmes - work with partners to develop MOU’s, work with internal teams to deliver on partner MOU’s and maintain partner/stakeholder relationships;</li>
<li>Establish new and maintain existing relationships with an extensive network of political contacts across Iberia</li>
<li>Act as Airbnb’s representative in meetings with government and political stakeholders, in coalitions and collaborations to advance Airbnb’s advocacy initiatives, including crafting and negotiating language for legislation, drafting comments on administrative registrations, and authoring issue briefs and position papers;</li>
<li>Advise Airbnb’s teams on public policy matters to guide development of products, services and policies and manage the operational implementation of national and local policy proposals and legislative measures, working with colleagues in our legal, comms, marketing, community, EMEA and Global teams;</li>
<li>Engage in research, writing and other activities to provide analysis and critical thinking on developments affecting Airbnb’s priorities;</li>
<li>Monitor legislation and regulatory matters and advise the company with respect to policy challenges;</li>
<li>Work with consultants who provide on-the-ground support, ensuring that they are properly briefed and engaging energetically on behalf of Airbnb in line with the agreed strategy;</li>
<li>Flag local policy issues that may have&nbsp; broader regional implications, and work with colleagues elsewhere in Europe and in San Francisco to develop global solutions and approaches as required.</li>
<li>Cover regulatory obligations in the entire territory.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>At least ten years of direct experience working with complex political or regulatory issues in a relevant business or non-governmental organization, or in a political, governmental or regulatory context. Ideally, this experience has been built in travel, housing or technology;</li>
<li>Excellent knowledge of the political landscape and legislative processes across Iberia;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Legal education and professional experience required;</li>
<li>Proven ability to build and sustain networks of influence across a broad range of stakeholders;</li>
<li>A tracked record of partnerships would be an advantage;</li>
<li>Experience of managing complex projects with multiple stakeholders.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Highly organized and able to stay on top of multiple projects simultaneously;</li>
<li>First-rate personal, political, analytical and organizational skills;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven ability to establish networks within political stakeholder communities on local, regional and/or national level;</li>
<li>An eye for detail - with an ability to very quickly get up to speed on complex technical and regulatory issues;</li>
<li>Excellent communicator with great interpersonal, writing and presentation skills;</li>
<li>Ability to work independently as well as a team player in a multi-task work environment while producing the highest caliber work product in a timely manner;</li>
<li>Self-starter with the ability to thrive in a fast moving and sometimes stressful environment;</li>
<li>Candidates must speak native Spanish and fluent English. Portuguese and Catalan are an advantage. You must submit your application in English.</li>
<li>Candidates must be based in Madrid or Barcelona, with frequent travel expected in Spain, Portugal, Europe and to our headquarters in San Francisco.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">Spain Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€90.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€115.000 EUR</span></div></div></div>