<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Our mission is great open source</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">It is our mission to make open source software available to people everywhere. We create world-renowned software, impacting the lives of millions of people every day.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The web team works in a multi-disciplinary environment with visual designers, UX designers and other developers to bring exciting new web projects to life. We help and learn from each other and constantly strive to improve both our work and our processes.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Required skills and experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrable experience of work on modern web applications</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A strong understanding of HTML, CSS with SCSS and JavaScript</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Javascript components libraries</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with TypeScript</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with responsive user interfaces for a wide range of devices and browsers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Git or other version control systems</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Awareness of SEO best practice</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consideration of accessibility in all aspects of your work</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A strong understanding of web performance in complex user interfaces</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to interact with UX, designers and server-side developers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Curiosity about technology and a thirst to learn</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Based in EMEA timezones (Europe, the Middle East and Africa)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">University degree or equivalent education</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Useful experience if you have it</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with Linux desktop technologies</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Server-side languages, such as Python or NodeJS</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working on a large scale React (with TypeScript) project</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A history of open source contributions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Relevant work experience</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who you are</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We want a Web Developer who loves what they do. You are passionate about web standards and keep abreast of new developments in our industry. You always look for opportunities to improve your skills. You like to show off what you’re working on and also learn from others. You have strong attention to detail and value the design of a product as much as you value the code. You have strong communication skills and maybe even blog once in a while. You’re aware of the latest CSS techniques but also know the limitations that developing for a broad audience can bring - actually, you embrace the challenge.</span></p>
<h3><strong>In this team</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll create high fidelity websites and web apps using the latest incarnations of HTML, CSS (SCSS) and Javascript (React and TypeScript)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll help maintain existing projects including updating content and adding new pages</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll manage incoming requests for updates and liaise with or delegate to other people as necessary</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll ensure the standard of our output remains high and consistent across our whole product portfolio</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll ensure new pages are published according to specification and in compliance with our web style guide</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll participate in and contribute to our living style guide, Vanilla Framework.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with UX designers and visual designers to implement exemplary user experiences.</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual compensation review</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recognition rewards</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual holiday leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maternity and paternity leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</span></p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.</span><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</span></a></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-remote</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>