<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Team:</strong><strong><br></strong>The Business Development team, located right in the center of Madrid is the growth engine of Celonis. We are curious, ambitious and driven to build a generational tech company that will transform the way companies run their processes. Want to learn more about how your first role after the internship could look like? Have a look <a href="https://careers.celonis.com/early-careers/entry-level/business-development-program">here</a>.</p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong><strong><br></strong>As an essential member of the Business Development Team at Celonis, you will support and work alongside an diverse &amp; international team Sales team. You will engage in account research as well as strategic prospecting with a heavy focus on cold calling.<br><br>Your Career Growth:</p>
<ul>
<li>Great pathway into Full-time BDR roles through the program. The internship program targets high potential (future) graduates &amp; is our standard path into full-time BDR roles without previous full time experience.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Structured 2-week onboarding process to learn the essentials of Tech Sales</li>
<li>Weekly coaching sessions with Management, mentoring by Senior BDR</li>
<li>Real-life exposure to BDR role with dedicated target accounts &amp; monthly targets</li>
<li>Opportunity to quickly take ownership by calling into senior management of prospects from week 3</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>The Work You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Align focus accounts with account team</li>
<li>Identify &amp; source key influencers &amp; decision makers within target companies</li>
<li>Prospect into prioritized accounts via cold calls, emails and social strategies</li>
<li>Initiate sales opportunities by setting up qualified meetings for Account Executives</li>
<li>Accompany sourced opportunities through the sales cycle</li>
<li>Present and report your progress to Sales leaders to ensure and produce growth results</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Qualifications You Need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Student of Business Administration or a comparable program&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work in a structured manner &amp; fast learner</li>
<li>Ability to listen very well, be an excellent communicator&nbsp;</li>
<li>Exceptional organizational and planning skills within a fast-paced sales environment</li>
<li>Be curious and have a long-term interest in building a career in Sales</li>
<li><strong>Native (or equivalent) proficiency in English. Other European languages are a plus</strong><strong>.</strong></li>
<li>For this role, you bring at least<strong> 6 months of full-time availability.</strong></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Nice to have:</strong></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>First experience in a Sales-related role</li>
<li>First proficiency with Sales tools such as Salesforce, Hubspot, SalesNavigator, SalesLoft etc</li>
<li>First experience in account research, planning as well as prospecting &amp; cold calling</li>
</ul>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>