<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>As a Financial Crime Specialist, you will be a key member of Tide’s Financial Crime Risk Oversight &amp; Management team, forming an integral part of the <strong>Second Line of Defence (2LOD)</strong>. You will provide expert oversight of financial crime (FC) risks and controls across Tide’s India portfolio, ensuring robust governance, policy adherence, and regulatory compliance.</p>
<p>In this role, you will act as a <strong>Subject Matter Expert (SME)</strong> for Financial Crime Risk Management in India, with a deep understanding of <strong>RBI</strong>, <strong>FIU-IND</strong>, and <strong>PMLA</strong> regulatory frameworks. You will take ownership of key financial crime risks, including their identification, assessment, and escalation,&nbsp; ensuring that senior management and the Board have a clear view of Tide’s financial crime risk exposure.</p>
<p>You will be responsible for <strong>maintaining and enhancing financial crime policies, standards, and procedures</strong>, ensuring they remain aligned with regulatory expectations and best practices. Additionally, you will <strong>lead the ongoing Financial Crime Risk Assessment (FCRA)</strong> process, identifying emerging risks and ensuring mitigation strategies are embedded effectively across the business.</p>
<p>Working closely with the <strong>First Line of Defence (1LOD)</strong> and other key stakeholders, you will provide expert advice on FC escalations, due diligence standards, and risk management controls. You will also <strong>track and report key Financial Crime Management Information (MI)</strong>, ensuring timely escalation of material risks and control deficiencies to senior management and relevant committees.</p>
<p>Leveraging data-driven insights and innovative tools, you will contribute to Tide’s strategic aim of preventing and detecting financial crime effectively, while maintaining a strong culture of compliance and risk awareness. You will also support the Financial Crime Risk Oversight team in <strong>prioritizing oversight activities</strong> based on regulatory change, risk exposure, and strategic business priorities.</p>
<p><strong>Some of the things you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Interpreting RBI, PMLA and other regulations</strong> and keeping a track of any amendments or new guidelines by the regulators and assessing how these changes will impact current policies / processes at Tide.</li>
<li>Supporting in the<strong> development of innovative yet practical financial crime controls</strong> along with the 1LoD teams at Tide.</li>
<li>Assisting Financial Crime Manager / Lead in creating and reviewing new <strong>Financial Crime related policies and procedures.</strong></li>
<li>Assisting Financial Crime Manager / Lead in reviewing existing processes for policy adherence levels and address course corrections.</li>
<li>Proactively advising product and 1st LoD teams and ensuring that new product builds are within regulation and are Tide policy compliant.</li>
<li>Proactively <strong>advising Product teams and 1st LoD on the Financial crime controls</strong> to be built in product design.</li>
<li>Actively participating in Recurring <strong>product risk assessment</strong> and advising on any control enhancements from a Financial Crime Risk standpoint.</li>
<li>Relevant experience in banking and financial services in the field of Financial Products. Exposure to Client Onboarding, <strong>Financial Crime Screening and Transaction Monitoring and (or) Fraud Investigations </strong>are required.</li>
<li>Providing support with any Financial Crime risk oversight related data requirements.</li>
<li>Providing support in <strong>regulatory matters, queries or audits</strong>.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we are looking for:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have <strong>deep knowledge of financial crime regulation</strong> and stay abreast of changes to regulations.</li>
<li>Experience in, and strong understanding of, <strong>AML/CTF governance and regulatory control frameworks</strong> and best industry practices.</li>
<li>You’ve operated in a <strong>2nd Line of Defense function</strong>, Risk &amp; Compliance or Internal Audit in your previous work experiences.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Good knowledge of customer risk indicators in relation to various <strong>Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Fraud typologies </strong>prevalent in the Indian financial sector.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>You are pragmatic and look to find solutions that balance meeting <strong>regulatory and internal policy</strong> requirements with providing excellent customer solutions to our members and meeting commercial objectives.</li>
<li>You understand the various financial products such as PPI Wallets, BBPS, UPI and understand the underlying systems that these financial products operate on.</li>
<li>You are able to clearly articulate the regulatory / fraud risks and trade-offs with different process and procedure options while reviewing a product</li>
<li>You have the ability and have driven various product risk assessments and understand what controls best suit a product and are able to drive implementation of such controls with product teams in alignment with the 1st LoD teams.</li>
<li>You can write great, easy-to-read and digestible policies and procedures and have done so in your earlier job roles.</li>
<li>You are used to challenging senior stakeholders and remain robust when challenged yourself.</li>
<li>You have prior experience in business banking in an RBI regulated environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be a great fit if:</strong><strong><br><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 5-7 years of experience in Financial Crime Risk domain</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of Financial Crime risks, controls and industry best practices</li>
<li>Experience in performing detailed financial crime risk assessments, and assessing, designing and recommending mitigating controls</li>
<li>You have specifically worked in an environment related to FIU-India &amp; RBI reporting requirements and financial crime risks prevention</li>
<li>You possess exceptional listening, analytical, critical thinking and decision- making skills</li>
<li>You have excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills in English</li>
<li>You must be self-motivator and self-starter</li>
<li>You are focused on regulations and risks Tide would face.</li>
<li>You are able to multitask and successfully operate in a fast paced, team environment</li>
<li>You must adapt well to change and successfully set and adjust priorities as needed</li>
<li>CAMS or ICA certifications held by the candidate would be a bonus.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll get in return:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive Compensation -&nbsp; competitive salary and stock options.</li>
<li>Time Off – Generous annual leave on top of bank holidays.</li>
<li>Parental Leave – Paid maternity, paternity, and adoption leave to support your family journey.</li>
<li>Sabbatical – Extended unpaid and paid leave options after completing milestone years with Tide.</li>
<li>Health Insurance – Private family insurance with additional OPD coverage and top-up options.</li>
<li>Life &amp; Accident Cover – Comprehensive accidental and life insurance protection.</li>
<li>Mental Wellbeing – Access to therapy sessions, courses, meditations, and workshops.</li>
<li>Volunteering &amp; Development Days – Paid days annually for volunteering or personal growth.</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development – Annual budget for books, courses, coaching, and more.</li>
<li>WOO (Work Outside the Office) – Work from abroad for up to 90 days annually.</li>
<li>Home Office Setup – Contribution towards setting up your home office</li>
<li>Laptop Ownership – Keep your old laptop and get a new one when it’s time for a replacement.</li>
<li>Snacks &amp; Meals – Office perks with snacks, coffee, tea, and lunch (location dependent).</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>