At Sysdig, we believe cloud security isn't a compromise - it's a promise. From the start, our mission has been clear: to help organizations secure innovation in the cloud, the right way.

We created Falco, the open standard for cloud threat detection, and continue to lead the cloud security market with runtime insights, open innovation, and agentic Al. Creators of technology trusted by over 60% of the Fortune 500, Sysdig gives teams the real-time clarity to move fast and defend what matters most.

Culture matters here. We believe diversity fuels stronger ideas, and open dialogue drives sharper decisions. Recognized as a Best Place to Work and one of Deloitte's fastest-growing companies for the past 5 years, we're here to raise the standard for what cloud security and workplace culture should be.

If you have the passion to dig deeper, the desire to challenge convention, and the curiosity to build something better, Sysdig is the right place for you.

## What you will do

- Research novel cloud-based cyber attacks and malicious actor TTPs
- Autonomously develop novel research topics based on latest threat trends, attacker behaviors, and gaps in current security detection
- Author content on all aspects of cloud and container security and publish your findings
- Develop relevant threat intelligence based on malware analysis to help secure our customers' environments
- Partner with our application and product teams to architect security solutions for containers, Kubernetes, and cloud
- Develop security rules and algorithms based on security research and best practices

## What you will bring with you

- 8 years of cybersecurity experience with knowledge of any of the following: Threat Hunting, Penetration Testing, Cloud Security, Cloud / Linux Incident Response, or Linux Kernel Software Engineering
- You will report to the Sr. Director, Threat Research.
- An experienced leader who has mentored junior team members and led projects from end to end.
- You've deployed and worked with Kubernetes and worked with the major cloud service providers.
- Hands-on experience using or developing open-source security analysis tools, such as Falco.
- Experience with scripting for data analysis or automation, eBPF experience.

## When you join Sysdig, you can expect:

- Extra days off to prioritize your well-being
- Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app
- Great compensation package

We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.

Some of our Hiring Managers, who are globally distributed, will appreciate an English version of your CV.

*Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.*

#LI-SM3

*#LI-Remote*