About Us

Vensure Employer Solutions is the largest privately held organization in the HR technology and service sector, providing a comprehensive portfolio of solutions, including HR/HCM technology, managed services, and global business process outsourcing (BPO). The company and its service providers collectively serve over 95,000 businesses and process over $135B in annual payroll. As a "One Employer Solution” headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Vensure helps thousands of businesses streamline and grow their operations with custom strategies that benefit both employers and employees. Find out more by visiting [www.vensure.com](http://www.vensure.com)

Position Summary The Implementation Consultant is responsible for being a subject matter expert in the respective functional area. This role involves overseeing the client implementation process, coordinating with cross-functional teams, and ensuring compliance with relevant regulations, all while ensuring exceptional client experience.Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Lead the client implementation process for new PEO clients, ensuring a seamless transition to our services.

Lead client's full implementation by understanding their requirements and configuring our PEO solutions to meet their needs.

Serve as the primary point of contact for clients during the implementation phase, addressing their concerns, answering questions, and providing expert guidance on system configuration and best practices.

Provide training and guidance to clients on how to use our PEO system effectively, ensuring a smooth transition and user adoption.

Troubleshoot and resolve any technical or process-related issues that arise during the implementation phase.

Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Sales, Client Relations, and Payroll.

Act as a subject matter expert, staying up to date with industry trends, best practices, workflows, processes, complex client situations, and benefit regulations.

Identify opportunities for process improvement and efficiency gains in benefit implementations.

Other duties as required.

Marginal Functions

Identify opportunities for process improvement and contribute to the enhancement of implementation methodologies, tools, and templates.

Collaborate with peers and leadership to ensure consistency and alignment in implementation practices across the organization.

Attend Webinar, seminars, and other trainings.

Other ad hoc duties or projects as assigned.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills (both written and verbal), with the ability to establish rapport with clients and internal teams

Problem-solving mindset with the ability to analyze complex situations and provide effective solutions

Exceptional attention to detail and strong analytical skills to conduct data analysis and quality control assessments

Ability to effectively prioritize and re-prioritize as needed to meet changing business objectives and requirements

Must be able to maintain organization, prioritize, and adjust priorities to balance workloads appropriately with the urgency of tasks.

Must be able to remain calm under pressure and ensure communications remain professional in escalated or emotionally turbulent situations

Constantly assesses the neatness, accuracy, thoroughness of the work assigned.

Proven ability to work effectively with other, build strong team dynamics, and foster cooperation among team members.

Education & Experience

High School/GED or equivalent combination of experience, skills, education (including other relevant non-traditional degree programs, certifications, or job training programs) required.

At least 3 years of related work experience.

Proficiency in HR software and tools, specifically PrismHR.

Strong understanding of payroll and HR processes, regulations, and compliance requirements.

Proven experience in implementation, payroll, or a related field.

Proven track record of managing multiple implementation projects simultaneously and meeting deadlines.

Knowledge of relevant federal and state regulations pertaining to benefit administration.

Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).

Required Licenses and/or CertificationsIndustry certification not required but would be beneficial to the role (i.e. FPC, CPP, PHR, SHRM-CP, PMP, etc.)

This position is eligible for the following benefits:Health Insurance: Medical, dental, and vision coverageRetirement Plan: 401(k) with company matchPaid Time Off: PTO, Holidays, Parental leave and Sick Leave provided as required by applicable state lawOther Benefits: Life insurance, short term disability, long term disability, employee assistance program (EAP), flexible spending account (FSA), health savings account (HSA), Identity theft protection, critical illness, accident, cancer, hospital protection, legal and pet insurance.

#VensureEmployerSolutions

#LI-PROMOTED

#LI-Onsite