<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h3>Platform Engineering at GoCardless</h3>
<p>The Platform Engineering team is a unified, globally distributed team. We are currently located in London and Riga, and we are now expanding to our new hub in Lisbon.&nbsp;We work with all other engineering teams to empower them to build, release, run and scale their products.</p>
<p>We operate with a strong focus on both strategic project delivery and operational excellence. Our work is a balance of:</p>
<ul>
<li>Project Delivery: Building new platform components, from initial design to deployment.</li>
<li>Operational Support: Ensuring the health and stability of our systems through on-call rotations and incident management.</li>
<li>Business as Usual (BAU): Continuous maintenance, improvements, and support for audits and compliance.</li>
</ul>
<p>Our stack includes: Golang, Python, Ruby,&nbsp;Terraform,&nbsp;Atlantis,&nbsp;AWS, GCP,&nbsp;Kubernetes, GKE,&nbsp;Github, GitHub Actions, ArgoCD,&nbsp;Grafana, Prometheus and Elastic.</p>
<h3><strong>The role</strong></h3>
<p>Foundations group is searching for an engineer with a strong interest in infrastructure management and the site reliability engineering problem space. You will be a member of a distributed team working with all other engineering teams - from product to data - to help build and scale the global platform our payments and open banking products sit on.</p>
<p>If you enjoy hard challenges, value learning and want to create an impact, then this is a place for you.</p>
<h3><strong>What excites you&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>We use a wide range of technologies, and will never expect you to have experience with all of them. We do hope that you are enthusiastic about the infrastructure space and the impact your work can have on others. To enjoy this work you’ll be excited by:</p>
<ul>
<li>Building and maintaining automation of new and existing infrastructure;</li>
<li>Appreciate and believe in building easy-to-understand and maintain tools to solve problems;</li>
<li>Automating operational tasks to eliminate toil using your software development skills and experience;</li>
<li>Ensuring that systems are safe and secure against cybersecurity threats;</li>
<li>Working closely with software engineers and data scientists;</li>
<li>Being involved in the technical design of architecture and making technical decisions;</li>
<li>Cloud-first engineering;</li>
<li>Ongoing opportunities to further develop your skills;</li>
<li>Care about working with people who share the same values as you and who will continually push you to grow.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What excites us&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with at least one programming language such as Python, Ruby, Golang etc.;</li>
<li>Experience with IaC tooling, such as Terraform;</li>
<li>Previous experience with Terraform automation toolings such as Terragrunt or Atlantis will be considered an advantage;</li>
<li>Experience with cloud computing providers such as AWS or GCP;</li>
<li>Experience with containerized applications;</li>
<li>Previous experience with container orchestration such as Kubernetes and GKE will be considered an advantage;</li>
<li>Experience with CI/CD tooling such as Github, GitHub Actions, ArgoCD, etc.;</li>
<li>Experience working with monitoring tooling such as Grafana, Prometheus, Zabbix etc.;</li>
<li>Previous experience with centralised log management through Elastic tooling will be considered an advantage;</li>
<li>Experience with relational databases and other datastores, especially around high availability and performance optimisation;</li>
<li>Awareness of DevOps and Agile principles;</li>
<li>Fluency in English;</li>
<li>Excellent teamwork and communication skills.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Salary range: </strong>the expected base salary range for this position is between <strong>€42<span data-sheets-root="1">,400</span>&nbsp;</strong>-<strong> €63<span data-sheets-root="1">,600</span></strong>&nbsp;(gross).</p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data. Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>