<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Life at Plume</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Plume, we believe that technology isn't about moving faster, it's about making life’s moments better. Which is why we’ve built the world's first, and only, open and hardware-independent service delivery platform for smart homes, small businesses, enterprises, and beyond. Our SaaS platform uses WiFi, advanced AI, and machine learning to create the future of connected spaces—and human experiences—at massive scale.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We now deliver services to over 60 million locations globally and have managed over 3 billion devices on our platform. We’re expanding rapidly, pioneering a new category, and we achieved our Series F funding in just four years. Our customers include many of the world's largest Internet Service Providers (ISPs) who look to Plume to help them evolve their smart home offerings while gleaning insights from their own data.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">With a bias for action and a love for being trailblazers, the team at Plume embodies a combination of relentless curiosity and imaginative innovation. We challenge ourselves to think in ways that other companies don't, work to do what should be done (rather than what can), and if we can’t do it exceptionally well, we don’t do it. It’s how we've assembled a team of world-class builders, thinkers, and doers. And it’s how we’re reinventing what’s possible every day.</span></p></div><p></p>
<h4 data-start="51" data-end="132">This is a work-from-office / In-Office role based in our Hyderabad, India location.</h4>
<p></p>
<p>We are looking for a&nbsp;<strong>Senior Software Engineer</strong>&nbsp;to join our team and work on the development of our&nbsp;<strong>SaaS product</strong>. In this role, you will lead the development of new features, improve system architecture, and ensure the scalability and reliability of our cloud-based software. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software and contribute to the continuous improvement of the product.</p>
<h3><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Architect and Design Software Solutions:</strong>&nbsp;Contribute towards design and architecture of new features for our SaaS product. Ensure that solutions are scalable, maintainable, and meet customer needs.</li>
<li><strong>Develop &amp; Implement Features:</strong>&nbsp;Build and maintain robust and high-performing software solutions for our SaaS platform, writing clean, efficient, and testable code.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate with Cross-Functional Teams:</strong>&nbsp;Work closely with product managers, designers, and other engineers to define and implement product features, ensuring that business requirements and customer needs are met.</li>
<li><strong>Optimize and Scale:</strong>&nbsp;Continuously improve application performance and scalability, focusing on optimizing cloud-based resources and database performance.</li>
<li><strong>Maintain Code Quality:</strong>&nbsp;Write unit and integration tests, conduct code reviews, and ensure adherence to coding standards. Participate in code reviews and provide feedback on engineering best practices.</li>
<li><strong>Mentorship:</strong>&nbsp;Provide technical leadership and mentorship to junior engineers, helping them grow their skills and achieve their career goals.</li>
<li><strong>Troubleshoot and Debug:</strong>&nbsp;Investigate and resolve software issues, working with the support team to fix bugs and improve the overall user experience.</li>
<li><strong>Security &amp; Compliance:</strong>&nbsp;Ensure the SaaS product complies with security best practices and regulatory standards. Implement security features to protect user data and sensitive information.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Improvement:</strong>&nbsp;Stay up to date with the latest technologies and industry trends, and incorporate modern practices into the development process. Participate in the iterative process of refining and evolving the product.</li>
<li><strong>Documentation:</strong>&nbsp;Produce clear technical documentation to support the development, deployment, and maintenance of software systems.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Required Skills and Qualifications:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Bachelor's Degree</strong>&nbsp;in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent professional experience.</li>
<li><strong>Proven Experience:</strong>&nbsp;At least 8+ years of professional experience in software development, with significant experience working on SaaS products or cloud-based platforms.</li>
<li><strong>Programming Languages:</strong> Strong proficiency in languages commonly used for SaaS development (e.g., Golang, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Scala, Java).</li>
<li><strong>Cloud Platforms:</strong>&nbsp;Experience working with cloud platforms such as AWS, or Google Cloud, and an understanding of cloud architecture, microservices, and containerization..</li>
<li><strong>Database Management:</strong>&nbsp;Strong knowledge of relational and NoSQL databases (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB) and experience with database optimization.</li>
<li><strong>DevOps and CI/CD:</strong>&nbsp;Hands-on experience with CI/CD pipelines, containerization (Docker), and orchestration tools (e.g., Kubernetes).</li>
<li><strong>Agile Methodologies:</strong>&nbsp;Familiarity with Agile development processes and tools (e.g., Jira, GitHub).</li>
<li><strong>Version Control:</strong>&nbsp;Proficiency with version control tools like Git.</li>
<li><strong>Problem Solving:</strong>&nbsp;Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with a focus on delivering high-quality solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Communication:</strong>&nbsp;Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Skills:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>SaaS Experience:</strong>&nbsp;Experience building, maintaining, and scaling SaaS applications, particularly in high-availability and high-traffic environments.</li>
<li><strong>Microservices Architecture:</strong>&nbsp;Familiarity with microservices architecture and cloud-native application patterns.</li>
<li><strong>Test Automation:</strong>&nbsp;Experience with test automation frameworks and practices.</li>
<li><strong>Security:</strong>&nbsp;Understanding of web application security, data encryption, and secure coding practices.</li>
<li><strong>Leadership:</strong>&nbsp;Previous experience mentoring or leading engineering teams.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Plume</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As the creator of the only open, hardware-independent, cloud-controlled experience platform for ISPs and their subscribers, Plume partners with over 400 ISP customers, including some of the world’s largest such as Comcast, Charter, Liberty Global, and J:COM.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Using OpenSync, the most widely supported open-source, silicon-to-cloud framework for smart spaces, Plume’s software-defined network allows ISPs to decouple their service offerings from hardware and rapidly curate and deliver new services over a multi-vendor, open-platform architecture.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Plume is an equal opportunity workplace that maintains a continuing policy of nondiscrimination in all employment practices and </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">decisions, ensuring equal employment opportunities for all qualified individuals without regard to </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, sexual </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related individual conditions, </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">medical conditions (as defined by state law), military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. </span></p></div>