<p>At JetBrains, we have a passion for building the strongest, most effective developer tools in the world, giving developers the freedom to grow, discover, and create. Over 15 million of the world's most dynamic developers speed up their workflows using our products, which help them stay focused on code design and the big picture, while also allowing them to deliver more creative and effective results.<br><br>Kineto is a truly no-code platform. Seriously, there is no way to see the code. The output is web applications that are already deployed and ready to be shared. Our main audience is creators with little to no coding experience.<strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Design and deliver high-quality user interfaces by creating wireframes, mockups, and interactive prototypes.</li>
<li>Own the design direction and lead large-scale initiatives from vision and strategy to execution.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product managers, developers, researchers, and stakeholders to define problems, align on goals, and ensure design solutions meet user and business needs.</li>
<li>Effectively communicate design concepts and decisions to stakeholders and the team to promote alignment and understanding.</li>
<li>Conduct and analyze usability testing and user research to create design solutions based on real user needs and behavioral data.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We will be happy to have you on our team if you:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Are proficient in Figma and the Adobe Suite.</li>
<li>Can apply an existing brand’s visual language consistently within product interfaces.</li>
<li>Are able to clearly articulate design decisions, explain thought processes, identify issues, and justify proposed solutions.</li>
<li>Have a realistic understanding of your strengths and areas for growth.</li>
<li>Can participate actively in product discussions and cross-functional collaboration.</li>
<li>Are able to guide tasks end to end, from design solution through implementation and user feedback.</li>
<li>Feel comfortable working in a highly iterative environment and adapting solutions as the product evolves.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We would be especially thrilled if you have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Hands-on experience with vibecoding, including code-driven or AI-assisted prototyping workflows.<br><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-OR1</span></li>
</ul>
<section class=""></section>
<div id="ember214" class="ember-view messaging-side-panel\_\_overlay"></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>