<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote, USA
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><b>WHO WE ARE</b></div><div><span>At Trustly, we're building a smarter, faster, and more secure financial future by revolutionizing the world of payments. As a global leader in Open Banking Payments, we are establishing Pay by Bank as the new standard at checkout, providing unparalleled freedom, speed, and ease to millions of consumers and merchants worldwide.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Our Ambition: To build the world’s most disruptive payment network and redefine what the payment experience should feel like.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Trustly is a global team of innovators, collaborators, and doers.&nbsp; If you are driven by a strong sense of purpose and thrive in a dynamic, entrepreneurial, and high-growth environment, join us and be part of a team that’s transforming the way the world pays.</span></div><div><br></div><div>ABOUT THE ROLE</div><div>Trustly is seeking a high-energy Lead Product Manager, Consumer Card, who will own the product strategy and delivery for Trustly's new open banking-powered consumer card. You’ll play in a greenfield space for Trustly and set our direction for bringing our market-leading pay-by-bank capabilities directly to consumers via card.&nbsp; Take ownership and drive this 0-1 product initiative by defining the initial market segments, identifying key customer problems we can uniquely solve, and driving the product success from design, launch, and data-driven roadmap definition.. With a focus on consumer fintech payments, you will leverage your extensive experience to deliver a lovable, referable, mobile-first experience.</div><div><br></div><div>We are actively searching for individuals who possess exceptional problem-solving skills and thrive on innovative thinking, enabling us to maintain our competitive edge in an industry that is continuously evolving.</div><div><br></div><div>WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH</div><div><span>On the Product team, our mission is to provide our customers with cutting-edge payment technologies with best-in-class user experience that meet the highest security and compliance standards. Our team is made up of skilled and experienced professionals who are passionate about our customers, payments, tech and committed to technical excellence.</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>WHAT YOU'LL DO</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Lead a cross-functional team to develop a new consumer payment option, from strategy to execution, including product planning, roadmap development, and GTM strategy.</li><li>Apply a deep understanding of consumer psychology and behavioral science to understand customer needs and inform product decisions.</li><li>Define the product economics, balancing customer value with business objectives, and aligning the cost structure across rails and bank integrations.</li><li>Create key product metrics, monitor performance over time and promote hypothesis-driven experiments to prove causality of any impact claimed.</li><li>Work with designers to create exceptional mobile-first user experiences.</li><li>Work with engineers to test feasibility and drive end-to-end feature development with a focus on speed whilst maintaining high quality and security standards</li><li>Collaborate with key functional stakeholders, including marketing, operations, risk and compliance to bring the product smoothly from concept to launch.</li><li>Help maintain the product strategy by staying current with the latest trends in payments and UX design with a keen eye on competition.</li><li>Use known product frameworks to justify prioritization of key problem statements</li><li>Promote a writing culture with concise PRDs detailing the WHY in everything we do, justifying decisions with strong customer insight and data.</li><li>Be an evangelist for product-led thinking in our company by working collaboratively with the rest of the product design team to shape the culture.</li><div><br></div></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>WHO YOU ARE</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>6+ years of product management experience working with consumer payment infrastructure providers, including wallet partners, bank partners, BaaS platforms, Apple Pay, Android Pay, issuer processors and non-card networks.</li><li>Deep understanding of the card issuance ecosystem, including working with issuer processors, sponsor banks, and card networks.</li><li>Experience navigating and optimizing card product economics (interchange, authorization flows, funding models).</li><li>A proven track record of building 0-1 financial products, ideally combining traditional card solutions with alternative payment methods.</li><li>Proven ability to protect the customer at all costs while working collaboratively with risk and compliance to meet required standards.</li><li>A firm understanding of the capabilities available to product developers on the top mobile &amp; web platforms especially concerning wallets, identity and payments</li><li>Demonstrated experience in driving innovative thinking and problem-solving within a competitive and regulated space.</li><li>Comfortable with ambiguity and able to navigate complex business problems with a strategic mindset.</li><li>Experience working with product discovery frameworks (e.g. JTBD)</li><div>#LI-Remote</div></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div>$165,000 - $185,000 a year</div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div>Applications for this role are accepted on an ongoing basis.</div><div><br></div><div><b>SALARY RANGES IN US-BASED ROLE POSTING</b></div><div>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Recruiters can share more information with applicants about the specific salary range for preferred locations during the hiring process. Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, and other perks and benefits.</div><div><br></div><div><b>WHAT WE OFFER</b></div><div>At Trustly, you will have the chance to solve meaningful challenges alongside some of the brightest minds in FinTech. Together, we are shaping the future of payments in an environment that celebrates curiosity, collaboration, and innovation. You will be challenged and empowered to grow, making a real impact every step of the way.</div><div><br></div><div>Our team is as diverse as the global footprint we serve, with colleagues across Silicon Valley, the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Europe, and beyond. We embrace a remote-first culture that empowers you to balance your career ambitions with personal fulfillment. At Trustly, we foster a workplace where everyone feels they belong—a place where teamwork thrives, ideas flourish, and we never forget to have fun along the way.</div><div><br></div><div>The total compensation packages include competitive salaries, bonus plans, and stock options. We offer innovative perks and benefits packages that include:</div><div>     - Flexible paid time off &amp; generous PTO accrual plans</div><div>     - Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, and other insurances</div><div>     - FSA &amp; HSA plans for medical and dependent care</div><div>     - Home office set-up allowance</div><div>     - Internet stipend</div><div>     - Retirement plan match for 401k and RRSP</div><div>     - Gender-neutral paid parental leave, and more!</div><div><i><span>(The benefits and total compensation packages outlined above are for full-time employees; some exclusions apply for temporary positions.)</span></i></div><div><br></div><div>At Trustly, we embrace and celebrate diversity of all forms and the value it brings to our employees and customers. We are proud and committed to being an Equal Opportunity Employer and believe an open and inclusive environment enables people to do their best work.&nbsp; All decisions regarding hiring, advancement, and any other aspects of employment are made solely on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.</div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div class="text-small italic text-gray-700">We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.</div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/trustly-lead-product-manager-consumer-cards">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/trustly-lead-product-manager-consumer-cards</a></p>