<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-intro">&nbsp;</div>
<h3 id="about-the-team"><strong>ABOUT THE TEAM:</strong></h3>
<p>Our 40+ engineering teams are working on designing, creating and running the rich product catalogue across our business areas (e.g. Payments Services, Business Services). We have a long roadmap ahead of us and always have interesting problems to tackle. We trust and empower our engineers to make real technical decisions that affect multiple teams and shape the future of Tide’s Global One Platform. It’s an exceptional opportunity to make a real difference by taking ownership of engineering practices in a rapidly expanding company!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We work in small autonomous teams, grouped under common domains owning the full lifecycle of some microservices in Tide’s service catalogue. Our engineers self-organise, gather together to discuss technical challenges, and set their own guidelines in the different&nbsp;<strong>Communities of Practice</strong>&nbsp;regardless of where they currently stand in our Growth Framework.</p>
<h3 id="about-the-role"><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to our event-driven Microservice Architecture (currently 200+ services owned by 40+ teams). You will define and maintain the services your team owns (you design it, you build it, you run it, you scale it globally)</li>
<li>Use&nbsp;<strong>Java 17</strong>,<strong>&nbsp;Spring Boot</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong>JOOQ&nbsp;</strong>to build your services.</li>
<li>Expose and consume&nbsp;<strong>RESTful APIs</strong>. We value good API design and we treat our APIs as Products (in the world of Open Banking often times they are gonna be public!)</li>
<li>Use&nbsp;<strong>SNS</strong>+<strong>SQS</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong>Kafka</strong>&nbsp;to send events</li>
<li>Utilise&nbsp;<strong>PostgreSQL&nbsp;</strong>via Aurora as your primary datastore (we are heavy AWS users)</li>
<li>Deploy your services to Production as often as you need to (this usually means multiple times per day!). This is enabled by our CI/CD pipelines powered by&nbsp;<strong>GitHub</strong>&nbsp;with&nbsp;<strong>GitHub actions</strong>, and solid JUnit/Pact testing (new joiners are encouraged to have something deployed to production in their first 2 weeks)</li>
<li>Experience modern GitOps using&nbsp;<strong>ArgoCD</strong>. Our Cloud team uses&nbsp;<strong>Docker, Terraform, EKS/Kubernetes</strong>&nbsp;to run the platform.</li>
<li>Have&nbsp;<strong>DataDog</strong>&nbsp;as your best friend to monitor your services and investigate issues</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Product Owners to understand our Users’ needs, Business opportunities and Regulatory requirements and translate them into well-engineered solutions</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="what-we-are-looking-for"><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Have some experience building server-side applications and detailed knowledge of the relevant programming languages for your stack. You don’t need to know Java, but bear in mind that most of our services are written in Java, so you need to be willing to learn it when you have to change something there!</li>
<li>Have a sound knowledge of a backend framework (e.g. Spring/Spring Boot) that you’ve used to write microservices that expose and consume RESTful APIs</li>
<li>Have experience engineering scalable and reliable solutions in a cloud-native environment (the most important thing for us is understanding the fundamentals of CI/CD, practical Agile so to speak)</li>
<li>Demonstrate a mindset of delivering secure, well-tested and well-documented software that integrates with various third party providers and partners (we do that a lot in the fintech industry)</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="what-youll-get-in-return"><strong>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Remote first</li>
<li>25 days paid annual leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 additional days for volunteering and learning</li>
<li>Private Health Insurance</li>
<li>Mental Health Support Platform</li>
<li>FitPass</li>
<li>Family and Friendly Leave (according to statutory)</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget</li>
<li>Share options</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING:</strong></p>
<p>At Tide, we champion a&nbsp;<strong>flexible workplace&nbsp;</strong>model that<strong>&nbsp;</strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">#LI-IB1</span></strong><br><strong><span data-contrast="auto">#LI-Remote</span></strong></p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>