<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>As the Operations Specialist, you will be responsible for implementing initiatives to improve all aspects of delivery quality. This includes the Restaurant, Retail verticals and all new verticals in your region (e.g. Parcel, Drive, etc.). Your role involves partnering deeply with both the local and global business teams to understand what needs to be accomplished to successfully “win” each specific business. You will then be responsible for achieving these targets by incubating experiments to drive long term investments across all countries you operate in.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop and implement short and long-term strategies to improve Quality and prove this out with actual data from experiments you have run in the countries that you oversee.</li>
<li>Be the primary point of contact for delivery quality for Support team when it comes to the countries in your specific markets. Including occasionally representing operations in Support meetings.</li>
<li>Track the performance of Monday's platform, including updates from regional Slack channels concerning courier partner incidents.</li>
<li>Enhancing the cloning ratio across all verticals (Restaurant, Retail etc.) in the countries we operate.</li>
<li>Monitor key performance indicators (KPIs) and analyze performance and quality, identifying root causes and developing strategies to achieve or exceed regional targets.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we’re looking for</h2>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience in operations or analytical roles.</li>
<li>Communication Skills: Strong verbal and written communication skills in English for effective collaboration with teams and partners.</li>
<li>Analytical Skills: Ability to analyze data and performance metrics to identify trends and areas for improvement.</li>
<li>Attention to Detail: Meticulous attention to detail to ensure compliance and accurate documentation.</li>
<li>Problem-Solving: Strong problem-solving skills to address incidents and implement optimizations.</li>
<li>Team Collaboration: Ability to work effectively with both regional and global teams.</li>
<li>Fluency in English is mandatory; additional languages are a plus.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply. <strong>Make sure to submit your CV in English!&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>