<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></p>
<p>The Airbnb Hotels team is a fun, fast-growing group leading Airbnb’s expansion into the hotel sector. Operating with an entrepreneurial spirit, this team combines the simplicity, product excellence, and guest-centered ethos that define Airbnb. This team’s mission is to deliver the smoothest, most intuitive hotel booking experience for guests, while helping independent, boutique hotels easily drive incremental bookings so they can focus on delivering the best hospitality. The ultimate aim is to help more people discover high-quality hotels, creating value for guests and our hotel partners.</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Account Executive, you will be responsible for converting leads into net‑new supply to support new-market launches and at pace to hit quarterly goals. Working the full sales funnel, you will proactively turn cold leads into warm sales opportunities helping to build the Hotels category’s market presence in the process through collaboration with other teams. This includes partnering, strategizing, and running daily operations directly with independent, boutique hotels, and ensuring that Airbnb always has the best hotel inventory and deals available to our guests.</p>
<p>This role is based in Barcelona (hybrid, 2-3 days a week in the office).&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Meet and exceed KPIs by owning the performance and success of assigned region</li>
<li>Prospect new potential hotels through external research, networking, and use of Airbnb tools.</li>
<li>Securing new hotels involves targeted sales strategies and negotiating and closing the deals</li>
<li>Expertly position and communicate Airbnb’s value proposition to new partners via phone, email, and in-person</li>
<li>Add net new hotels by qualifying and moving leads through the funnel as quickly as possible, achieving defined quarterly goals</li>
<li>Find supply in and launch new markets: Own market launches including supporting lead generation and coordinating cross functionally</li>
<li>Support hotel onboarding as needed from won sales opportunities</li>
<li>Implement scalable strategies that drive maximum business impact across a wide range of hotel partners</li>
<li>Effectively promote and build strong relationships with hotel and serviced apartment partners by demonstrating comprehensive knowledge of our platforms and confidently pitching their value</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Expertise</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of professional experience, preferably in a fast growing startup tech or hospitality company working in sales and/or account management</li>
<li>Previous hospitality experience is a plus</li>
<li>Proficiency in both English and Spanish</li>
<li>The ability to get things done with constantly changing priorities, projects and deadlines</li>
<li>Excellent communication, organizational, and analytical skills; detail-oriented but moves fast</li>
<li>Ability to establish strong relationships with and influence partners&nbsp;</li>
<li>Capacity to balance day-to-day responsibilities with longer-term strategic execution</li>
<li>You’re a quick learner and you’re fearless about doing whatever it takes to get the job done, even if it means making mistakes along the way</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">Spain Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€65.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€80.000 EUR</span></div></div></div>