<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍London or Remote (UK)&nbsp; | 💰 £58,000 to £78,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers#benefits">Benefits&nbsp;</a>|&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/how-each-role-in-borrowing-data-allows-us-to-think-big-and-innovate">Data Team, Borrowing&nbsp;</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our team:</strong></p>
<p data-start="67" data-end="313">Our Borrowing collective is growing across Personal Loans and Financial Health. We’re building innovative, responsible lending products that give customers greater transparency, flexibility, and control over their money.</p>
<p data-start="315" data-end="542">Personal Loans provides simple, transparent borrowing, while Financial Health focuses on sustainable growth and better customer outcomes.</p>
<p data-start="544" data-end="762">As part of the team, you’ll develop and optimise unsecured credit risk and pricing strategies, partnering closely with Product, Engineering, and Data to build profitable portfolios and outstanding customer experiences.</p>
<p data-start="764" data-end="897" data-is-last-node="" data-is-only-node="">If you’re excited by data-led decision-making, experimentation, and shaping the future of modern lending, we’d love to hear from you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your day-to-day:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Working on initiatives to improve our credit underwriting, boost growth and/or manage portfolio risk</li>
<li>Supporting the design and roll-out of new lending strategies by finding patterns in the data and translating these into insights</li>
<li>Monitoring the performance of our existing strategies, and iterating to improve them</li>
<li>Working alongside people from engineering, marketing, product, risk and control to design and deliver product changes</li>
<li>Developing, maintaining and monitoring our credit models to assess net present value of new lending cohorts to drive strategic business decisions</li>
<li>Building and maintaining the database tables and dashboards that provide insights and promote rapid, data-driven decisions</li>
<li>Supporting the design and roll-out of new products and customer journeys</li>
<li>Assessing how the lending portfolio of particular products will perform over time</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How we work:</strong></p>
<p>Our main tech hub is in London, but our data teams are based all over the UK — from Brighton to the Western Isles.</p>
<p>We love meeting in person, but there’s no pressure to come into the office, even if you’re nearby. You’ll do your best work where you feel most comfortable.</p>
<p>We value flexibility, connection, and wellbeing. You’ll have the freedom to work in a way that fits your life, whether that’s school drop-offs, avoiding rush hour, or making time for what matters most.</p>
<p>Work the way that works for you at Monzo! 💼</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You should apply if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have experience in unsecured retail lending (e.g. personal loans, credit cards, overdrafts, buy now pay later etc.)</li>
<li>You have an understanding of how the unsecured retail lending market works including the impact of pricing dynamics on portfolio performance</li>
<li>You have an understanding of lending economics and have experience developing and deploying underwriting strategies</li>
<li>You have strong analytical and data capabilities, backed up by technical coding skills. SQL is a must-have, Python and Looker experience is a plus.</li>
<li>You have a working understanding of the regulations that apply to lending in the UK.</li>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced environment and are keen for the chance to improve our products and help ship changes to our customers</li>
<li>You are a strong communicator, able to cut through complex problems and articulate decision points</li>
<li>You have some experience in project management and coordination across teams</li>
<li>You work well collaborating in a team with diverse skill-sets and personality types</li>
<li>You are highly motivated and energised by the idea of bringing positive impact to our customers and Monzo</li>
</ul>
<p>We're on the look out for Credit Analysts (L30) at the moment, you can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/documents/data-progression-framework-v2-0.pdf">Data Progression Framework </a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The interview process:</strong></p>
<p>Our interview process involves 4 main stages:</p>
<ol>
<li>Recruiter call</li>
<li>Initial call</li>
<li>Take home task</li>
<li>Final stage (x3 interviews) consisting of a case study, role specific interview and collaboration interview</li>
</ol>
<p>Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<p>💰 £58,000 to £78,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers#benefits">Benefits&nbsp;</a></p>
<p>✅ We can sponsor visas</p>
<p>📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London).</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚 Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</p>
<p>➕ And much more, see our full list of benefits <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"><strong>here</strong></a></p>
<p>#LI-LG1&nbsp; #LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>