## Your mission

ImFusion is an independent R&amp;D company based in Munich. We help our customers to drive innovation in Medical Imaging based on our software platform for Image Processing, Computer Vision, AI, and Robotics. We wish to expand our team with talented and motivated people to help us develop and commercialize advanced medical products in collaboration with renowned customers.<br><br>As <strong>Senior C++ Software Engineer </strong>in our SDK group you will contribute to the core software platform that serves as foundation for all of our engineering work and enables us and our customers to build state-of-the-art products:<ul><li>Extend and continuously improve our modular software framework for which we value a clean architecture and comprehensible interfaces.</li><li>Design and implement efficient data structures and algorithms in modern C++.</li><li>Participate in software architecture design and review, perform code reviews, and implement automated testing.</li><li>Keep yourself updated with the latest relevant technologies and best practices (e.g. by attending workshops and conferences).</li><li>Share your knowledge and experience in software development with the rest of the team.</li></ul><br>

## Your profile

<ul><li>Rock-solid C++ programming skills, good CMake knowledge, and first-hand experience with large-scale software architecture design.</li><li>Experience in some of the following fields is a plus:<br>conan.io, OpenGL, Qt, Python/pybind11, WebAssembly/Emscripten, Continous Integration pipelines</li><li>MSc in Computer Science or equivalent</li><li>5+ years of experience working on large software projects (industry, academia, open source), experience in the field of Medical Imaging is a plus</li><li>Able and willing to continuously learn and extend your skills in both the technical and the application domain</li><li>Professional working proficiency in English</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>Be part of an international, dynamic and highly skilled team in flat hierarchies where you can both make an impact and continue to learn.</li><li>Contribute to our company values and do good for society by having your work enable actual medical products that improve patients’ lives.</li><li>Earn a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package (such as bike leasing, sports programs, ...).</li><li>Enjoy the agility of a start up paired with the safety of a grown company.</li><li>Benefit from flexible working hours, remote work and workation</li><li>We celebrate success together with different team events (e.g. Summer Party or Oktoberfest).</li></ul>