<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mixpanel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel turns data clarity into innovation. Trusted by more than 29,000 companies, including Workday, Pinterest, LG, and Rakuten Viber, Mixpanel’s AI-first digital analytics help teams accelerate adoption, improve retention, and ship with confidence. Powering this is an industry-leading platform that combines product and web analytics, session replay, experimentation, feature flags, and metric trees. Mixpanel delivers insights that customers trust. Visit <a href="mixpanel.com" target="\_blank">mixpanel.com</a> to learn more.</p></div><div>
<p><strong>About The AM Team</strong></p>
<p>The Account Management team is focused on retaining and growing this book of business through ensuring a smooth onboarding process, understanding how our customers get the most value out of Mixpanel's capabilities, driving adoption, and uncovering growth opportunities. The team has developed a strong community of practice in collaboration with the Services team (CSAs) in APAC and globally, and works closely with partners relevant to their customers.<br><br><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>The Account Manager will be responsible for ownership of Mixpanel’s top accounts, including as a day-to-day point of customer contact, as well as a strategic lead who will create and facilitate a vision for relationship excellence, deep value realization, and consistent growth. This growth will be exemplified by the expansion of our existing footprint, including commercial management of renewals and opportunistic upsells.</p>
<p>They will be an experienced commercial operator and an excellent relationship builder. They will be able to add value in conversations with Senior/VP-level customers and Mixpanel eStaff, and will bring deep knowledge of trends and challenges in the market. They will be seen as a valued advisor and comfortable constructing strategic and data-driven presentations for C-level stakeholders internally and externally. They will be highly organized and be able to manage complex projects. They will either have or develop a fluent relationship with the Mixpanel product. Likely to have 7+ years of quota-carrying experience with a consistent record of managing large, complex renewals and cultivating and managing large (<span class="gmail\_default">6-digit) expansions and </span>upsells.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Being a single point of contact for all aspects of the account (internal and external quarterback).</li>
<li>Work in partnership with a dedicated Customer Success Architect on their accounts.</li>
<li>Production &amp; ownership for iterating upon and driving a strategic account plan for every account.</li>
<li>Driving business reviews against the success plan with involvement from the Executive Sponsors.</li>
<li>Facilitating executive alignment.</li>
<li>Constant monitoring of their business and the industry in which they operate - to understand where opportunities or threats may be arising.</li>
<li>Identification, qualification, and management of expansion opportunities.</li>
<li>Renewal negotiations and end-to-end execution.</li>
<li>Forecasting and business planning (including strategic account plans and QBR/EBRs).</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with key internal partners such as Sales Engineering, Professional Services, Product, Marketing, and Legal.</li>
<li>Intimately understands Mixpanel's competitors and technology partners to consult customers on our place in the broader analytics market.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We're Looking For Someone Who Has</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of related work experience in full-cycle SaaS, post-sales customer management experience, as an Account Manager, or Account Executive</li>
<li>Proven experience in developing and growing accounts and running successful sales opportunities from discovery to close of $250K+ USD.</li>
<li>Experience managing a book of business and carrying a net retention quota in the $5M+ range, including accounts with contracts over $1M in ARR.</li>
<li>Able to build and maintain credibility with a technical end-user in Engineering, Product, and Design functions, by showcasing Product and Industry knowledge and expertise.</li>
<li>Effective communicator and collaborator — you have strong interpersonal skills and are an excellent team player.</li>
<li>Adaptability — you understand that change is constant, and you embrace it.</li>
<li>Agility and resilience — you move quickly and encourage continued improvement.</li>
<li>Strong work ethic, desire to learn, and a drive to excel.</li>
<li>Curiosity for the product analytics space.</li>
<li>Professional polish - accustomed to and comfortable with presenting to the C suite without extensive coaching and prep (internally and externally).</li>
<li>Ownership - results-driven and accountable for your own success.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points For&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience managing relationships with high-growth tech companies.</li>
<li>Experience with Mixpanel or another analytics tool (eg. Amplitude, Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics).</li>
<li>Experience in a technical customer-facing role (Support Engineer / Customer Success Manager / Sales Engineer / Solutions Architect).</li>
<li>Record of consistently over-performing quota.</li>
<li>Experience scaling a successful B2B SaaS company.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="adL">
<div class="gmail\_signature" data-smartmail="gmail\_signature">
<div>#LI-Hybrid</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Benefits and Perks</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefit</li>
<li>Generous Vacation Policy &amp; Additional Company Holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced Parental Leave</li>
<li>Volunteer Time Off</li>
<li>Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary\*</em></p>
<p><strong>Culture Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Make Bold Bets:</strong> We choose courageous action over comfortable progress.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate with Insight:</strong> We tackle decisions with rigor and judgment - combining data, experience and collective wisdom to drive&nbsp;powerful outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>One Team:</strong> We collaborate across boundaries to achieve far greater impact than any of us could accomplish alone.</li>
<li><strong>Candor with Connection:</strong> We build meaningful relationships that enable honest feedback and direct conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the Customer:</strong> We seek to deeply understand our customers’ needs, ensuring their success is our north star.</li>
<li><strong>Powerful Simplicity:</strong> We find elegant solutions to complex problems, making sophisticated things accessible.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why choose Mixpanel?</strong></p>
<p>We’re a leader in analytics with over 9,000 customers and $277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanel’s pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means you’ll be helping the world’s most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ+ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We’ve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.</span></p></div>