<p>Asana’s rapid growth brings new challenges in keeping our systems fast, reliable, and resilient. As our product evolves, we’re making a major investment in reliability – and building a brand new SRE team in Warsaw is a key part of that strategy. This is your chance to help shape it from day one.</p>
<p>This isn’t a traditional “ops” role – we’re looking for strong software engineers who are passionate about building reliable, distributed systems. You’ll work closely with a small SRE team in San Francisco, infrastructure engineers in Reykjavik, and an established infrastructure team in Warsaw. Warsaw will be a significant hub for our future infrastructure engineering and operations. As one of the first engineers here, you’ll have a real say in how we build reliable infrastructure, manage incidents, and support the rest of the company.<br><br>This role is based in our Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do, and your recruiter can share more about the in-office requirements.<br><br><strong>We offer a Contract of Employment (UoP) for our employees in Poland.</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Influence the future of Asana’s SRE practice, especially as we grow the Warsaw team.</li>
<li>Lead reliability-focused projects across our stack – from infrastructure to tooling to incident response.</li>
<li>Define and implement Asana’s incident management process – we’re investing here, and you’ll help shape how it works.</li>
<li>Build internal platforms and frameworks that help other teams improve the reliability of their services.</li>
<li>Be part of (and help shape) a sustainable on-call rotation – shared across teams in Warsaw, San Francisco, and Reykjavik. On average, we handle ~1 page per day, but it’s not constant, and we care about keeping things sane.</li>
<li>Work with our stack: <strong>AWS, Kubernetes (EKS), Datadog, MySQL (RDS), ElasticSearch (OpenSearch), Redis, DynamoDB, Terraform, TypeScript, Scala, Go, and Python.&nbsp;</strong><em>(Yeah, we know this sounds like buzzword bingo – but we want this post to actually show up in your searches.)</em></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’re a <strong>strong and experienced software engineer</strong> who’s comfortable writing and reading code – this isn’t an ops role.</li>
<li>You care about <strong>reliability, scalability, and long-term maintainability</strong>, not just quick fixes.</li>
<li>You might have worked as an SRE before – or maybe you were a product engineer who kept getting pulled into infra work because you cared about how systems actually run.</li>
<li>You’ve seen systems at scale (or want to), and you’re excited about solving infrastructure problems that have broad impact.</li>
<li>You’re <strong>curious</strong>, take initiative, and aren’t afraid to work in ambiguous spaces – especially important on a brand new team.</li>
<li>You collaborate well across teams and want to help others build more reliable systems.</li>
<li>You don’t need to know our exact stack, but you’re eager to <strong>learn whatever it takes</strong> to make things better.</li>
<li>You demonstrate curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why this role?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Founding team:</strong> You’ll be one of the first SREs in Warsaw – and a key player in a growing team.</li>
<li><strong>Drive real change:</strong> This isn’t a role where you’ll just patch up legacy systems. We are expecting (and supporting) real architectural changes to improve reliability, scalability, and long-term operability.</li>
<li><strong>Big impact:</strong> Our product is scaling fast, and reliability is a top company priority.</li>
<li><strong>Room to grow:</strong> As this team grows, so will your influence – whether you want to lead projects, mentor others, or help shape how we scale.</li>
<li><strong>Global collaboration</strong>: Work closely with experienced engineers in San Francisco, Reykjavik, and Warsaw, while helping build the future of SRE at Asana.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we'll offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system (base salary and generous Restricted Stock Unit for Asana Inc.).</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (<strong>with</strong> <strong>50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage for Engineers).</strong></li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med).</li>
<li>Lunch catering on the days that you work from the office.</li>
<li>Career growth budget.</li>
<li>Home office setup budget.</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness reimbursement.</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a>.</li>
<li>Mental health support in Modern Health.</li>
<li>Group life insurance.</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories.</li>
</ul>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 23 000 and&nbsp; 33 000 PLN gross monthly on the contract of employment (UoP). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base compensation range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>Our total compensation consists of base salary and equity (RSUs).</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #LI-AZ</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>