<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><div>
<div id="content" class="highlighter-context page view" data-inline-comments-target="true" data-testid="page-content-only">
<div class="\_1bsb1osq \_19pkidpf \_2hwx1wug \_otyridpf \_18u01wug">
<div id="main-content" class="wiki-content css-b8wh5k e5xcnr80" data-testid="pageContentRendererTestId" data-test-appearance="full-page">
<div class="renderer-overrides">
<div class="ak-renderer-wrapper is-full-page cc-2c6ch1">
<div class="cc-7hl6pe">
<div class="ak-renderer-document">
<h3 id="about-the-team" data-renderer-start-pos="257"><strong>ABOUT THE TEAM:</strong></h3>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="282">As an<strong data-renderer-mark="true">&nbsp;Engineer</strong>&nbsp;at Tide you will be working on the designing, creating and running the rich product catalogue in one of our&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">Business</strong>&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">areas&nbsp;</strong>(e.g. Payments Service, Business Service). We have a long roadmap ahead of us and rarely run out of interesting problems to tackle.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="553">This role offers an exceptional opportunity to make a real difference by taking ownership of engineering practices in a rapidly expanding company! We trust and empower our engineers to&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">make real technical decisions</strong>&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">that affect multiple teams</strong>&nbsp;and shape the future of Tide’s Global&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">One Platform</strong>.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="848">We work in small autonomous teams, grouped under common domains owning the micro-frontends that makes Tide a great application. We self-organise, gather together to discuss technical challenges, and set our own guidelines on our<strong data-renderer-mark="true">&nbsp;Community of Practice</strong>&nbsp;regardless of where one currently stand in our Growth Framework. We are focus on deliver a&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">WOW</strong>! experience whilst ensuring a&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">resilient</strong>,&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">error-free</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">scalable</strong>&nbsp;codebase.</p>
<h3 id="about-the-role" data-renderer-start-pos="1270"><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE:</strong></h3>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1272"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">As a Mobile Engineer you’ll be:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1307">You will be learning and sharing knowledge with our engineers on new things often, as we believe in experimentation, T-shaped engineering and collaborative learning for career growth</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1493">You will be working on our new and existing products for our Business Areas. We have an exciting roadmap with brand new features and we will need you to solve interesting problems</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1676">You will have the opportunity to make a difference by leveraging your experience connecting with less experienced engineers, collaborating and cheering together</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1840">Joining one of our expanding multi-disciplinary agile teams, you will work together with product owners, UI/UX designers, architects, engineers, and other business members to translate requirements into well-engineered solutions</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2072">You will join our&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">Flutter Community of Practices</strong>, and your input on how to improve processes and maintain high quality across the team will be very welcome</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2231">Career progression is as important to us as it is for you, and we, therefore, have put in place a Tide Growth Framework to guide you. With our expanding teams and business, we will encourage you to outgrow your initial responsibilities, if you so desire</li>
</ul>
<p>T<strong>o learn more about how we develop out application, please check us out on&nbsp;<a href="https://medium.com/tide-engineering-team/project-miniclient-introduction-0a94aefa5638">Medium.com</a>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2488">Our company is committed to creating an inclusive and diverse environment, that fosters cooperation in everything we do. This role offers an exceptional opportunity to make a real difference with responsibilities across engineering practices in a supportive and rapidly expanding company!</p>
<h3 id="what-we-are-looking-for" data-renderer-start-pos="2780"><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2811"><span id="35f001fd-e130-4fe0-9259-b6b24a3eafcf" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="35f001fd-e130-4fe0-9259-b6b24a3eafcf">Working experience with Flutter as a Software Engineer</span></li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2869">Experience with popular Flutter libraries, tools and its lifecycle</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2939">Passionate about building great products in small, autonomous, agile teams</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3017">A passion for automation tests and experience writing testable code</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3088">Experience building sleek, high-performance user interfaces and complex Mobile apps that successfully shipped to customers</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="our-tech-stack" data-renderer-start-pos="3216"><strong>OUR TECH STACK:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3315">We utilise the latest iterations of&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">Flutter</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">Dart</strong></li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3371">We use popular and trusted plugins, packages, and tools, preferring leveraging existing solutions over reinventing the wheel.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3500">We adopt a modular approach in building our applications, viewing each small package akin to a Lego block. More on our approach can be found&nbsp;<a class="cc-tgpl01" href="https://youtu.be/Ap-cRFRScQw" data-testid="link-with-safety" data-renderer-mark="true">here</a>.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3650">With&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">Melos</strong>, we handle an extensive Dart codebase, featuring over 300 packages and around 2 million lines of code.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3767">We manage state and dependency injection efficiently using&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">flutter\_bloc</strong>,&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">get\_it&nbsp;</strong>and&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">injectable</strong>.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3867">Our application navigation leverages&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">auto\_route</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">flow\_builder</strong>.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3937">We approach the backend communication implementation using&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">freezed</strong>,&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">json\_serializable</strong>,&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">retrofit</strong>, and&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">dio</strong>&nbsp;interceptors. More about this approach&nbsp;<a class="cc-tgpl01" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQZhIrevmTs" data-testid="link-with-safety" data-renderer-mark="true">here</a>.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="4090">We heavily rely on code generation with&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">mason</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">build\_runner</strong>.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="4157"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">i69n</strong>&nbsp;is our tool of choice for localisation. You can find how we do it&nbsp;<a class="cc-tgpl01" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTGp84cEnr4" data-testid="link-with-safety" data-renderer-mark="true">here</a>.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="4237">We're deeply committed to Behaviour Driven Development (BDD) tests, and we use&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">bdd\_widget\_test&nbsp;</strong>to help us on that. You can find more&nbsp;<a class="cc-tgpl01" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kwvsc31FE\_8" data-testid="link-with-safety" data-renderer-mark="true">here</a>.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="4379"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Firebase Suite</strong>,&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">DataDog</strong>,&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">LaunchDarkly</strong>, and&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">Segment</strong>&nbsp;assist us in tracking, monitoring, and deploying securely.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="4492">Our CI/CD pipelines and weekly releases are facilitated by&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">GitHub</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong data-renderer-mark="true">GitHub actions</strong>.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="comment-container" class="css-u1x1k7 e3p9ckn0" data-testid="comment-container"></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="\_1bsb1osq \_18s8y1gf \_p12fukw8" data-testid="view-page-labels-container">
<div>
<div class="cc-15k46jb-container"><span id="react-select-2-live-region" class="cc-7pg0cj-a11yText"></span></div>
</div>
</div>
<h3 id="what-youll-get-in-return"><strong>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Remote first</li>
<li>25 days paid annual leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 additional days for volunteering and learning</li>
<li>Private Health Insurance</li>
<li>Mental Health Support Platform</li>
<li>FitPass</li>
<li>Family and Friendly Leave (according to statutory)</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget</li>
<li>Share options</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="tidean-ways-of-working"><strong>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING:</strong></h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a&nbsp;<strong>flexible workplace&nbsp;</strong>model that<strong>&nbsp;</strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">#LI-IB1<br>#LI-Hybrid<br>#LI-Remote&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>