<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">SLSQ427R125</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><em>While this role is posted in several locations, candidates can be based anywhere in Germany.</em></p>
<p>Databricks operates at the leading edge of the Unified Data Analytics and AI space. Our customers turn to us to lead the accelerated innovation that their businesses need to gain first mover advantage in today's ultra competitive landscape.</p>
<p>As we continue our rapid expansion across Central Europe, we are looking for a creative, consultative, results-driven Named Account Executive to join our team in Germany. Reporting to our Director of Enterprise Sales, you will focus on developing established commercial relationships and closing new business opportunities within a small, targeted portfolio of existing, enterprise-class Manufacturing accounts. By leveraging your expertise in Data and AI, you will provide genuine value to these accounts while driving a highly effective execution strategy.</p>
<p><strong>The impact you'll have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="3,0,0">Strategic Account Ownership: Drive territory growth by developing and executing high-impact strategies to consistently exceed revenue and consumption targets.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="3,1,0">Executive Influence: Establish yourself as a trusted advisor to C-level stakeholders, aligning Databricks’ Data and AI capabilities with their core business objectives.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="3,2,0">Value-Driven Expansion: Proactively identify and scale high-value use cases to accelerate platform consumption and portfolio growth.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="3,3,0">Cross-Functional Orchestration: Mobilise and lead internal expert teams to maximise Databricks’ footprint and impact across your account ecosystem.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="3,4,0">Commercial Excellence: Deliver exceptional business value throughout the customer journey to secure successful, high-stakes negotiations.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="3,5,0">Market Leadership: Navigate the German manufacturing landscape to convert complex technical requirements into long-term strategic partnerships.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,0,0">Proven track record of selling Data &amp; AI, Big Data, or complex cloud-based solutions to large enterprise organizations.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,1,0">Successful history of meeting and exceeding sales quotas and KPIs within the German Manufacturing sector.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,2,0">Expertise in navigating complex software deals, specifically those involving multiple stakeholders and high-value contracts.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,3,0">Deep understanding of consumption-based "land and expand" sales models, focusing on driving long-term platform adoption.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,4,0">Evidence of creating market demand that delivers substantial, measurable business value to the client.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,5,0">Mastery of robust sales methodologies (e.g., MEDDPICC, Value Selling, Command of the Message) and accurate forecasting.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,6,0">Skill in building effective "Champions" and leading collaborative internal teams to execute a winning territory plan.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,7,0">Strategic partner management, with experience developing and leveraging a partner ecosystem to drive mutual success.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,8,0">Ability to identify critical use cases and buying centers within manufacturing to increase the impact of Databricks.</p>
</li>
<li>Willing and able to travel to customer sites, industry and company events - in region and Internationally.</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="2,9,0">Full professional fluency in both German and English is essential.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-HS4</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>