<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<div id="message-list\_1772808273.086609">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div><strong>The Role</strong><br>We are seeking a highly organized and experienced <strong>Warehouse and Logistics Specialist</strong> to oversee and optimize logistics, warehouse management and asset-related processes.<br>This role will involve implementing and refining asset management processes, review logistics and warehousing operations, setting up equipment certification, onboarding new partners and locations, and managing insurance and old asset sales.<br>This role is on-site in our Lille location.<br><strong>Your responsibilities will include: </strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Oversee and optimize all logistics and warehouse management processes, ensuring efficiency and compliance.</li>
<li>Implement asset management processes to track the full lifecycle of assets.</li>
<li>Review and refine logistics/warehousing processes to identify areas for improvement.</li>
<li>Set up and manage equipment certification processes to meet operational and regulatory requirements.</li>
<li>Onboard new partners and locations, ensuring smooth integration into the logistics and asset management systems.</li>
<li>Manage insurance for assets, including claims, renewals and risk mitigation strategies.</li>
<li>Facilitate the sale and disposal of old assets in compliance with company policies and regulations.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless asset management and logistics operations.</li>
<li>Monitor and report on key logistics and asset management metrics, providing insights for continuous improvement.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>We expect you to have: </strong></div>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of experience in logistics or logistics project management.</li>
<li>Familiarity with logistics management systems, ERP software and asset-tracking tools.</li>
<li>Strong project management skills with the ability to manage multiple tasks and priorities.</li>
<li>Knowledge of logistics, warehouse operations and asset lifecycle management best practices.</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail and organizational skills.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="message-list\_1773028800000.D0AGZSWD1ND"></div>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>