<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> 
</p>

<p><span><span>About Kasha</span></span></p><br><p><span><span>Kasha will disrupt the way that people in emerging markets get the health products they need by turning global health supply chains upside down. We are on our way to becoming Africa’s leading platform for last-mile access to health products and services used by enterprises, consumers, resellers, and health facilities. Kasha focuses on the lower-income mass market population, selling health and household goods and delivering those products to the last mile through our Kasha Agents and logistics networks. Customers can order using an omnichannel mobile platform that is built to be highly accessible around the country, reaching even typically offline customers via our digital channels. Kasha also works with manufacturers and global health organizations, operating as a service channel for visibility on distribution, performance data, consumer insights, and last-mile access. Kasha was founded in July 2016 in Rwanda, and operates in East, South, Central, and West Africa. You can learn more about us at&nbsp;</span><a href="https://www.kasha.co/">Kasha Global Inc.</a></span></p><br><p><span><span><br><span><span>About the Role</span></span><br></span><span><span><span><span>Responsible for overseeing the development and operations processes to ensure seamless integration, continuous delivery, and efficient deployment pipelines. They lead the design and implementation of CI/CD workflows, infrastructure automation, and monitoring solutions, collaborating closely with development, QA, and IT teams to drive reliability, scalability, and performance in software delivery. This role also involves mentoring the team to establishing best practices in cloud infrastructure, security, and configuration management.</span> </span>This role can be based in Rwanda, Kenya, South Africa and/or Egypt.</span><br><br><span>Responsibilities</span><br></span></span></p><br><ul><br><li><span>Work closely with the rest of the Engineering team to release New Versions of Software.</span></li><br><li><span>Management of the Infrastructure (AWS, Nexcess, Google Cloud platform, and our 3rd party tools) - Perform Routine checks on CPU usage, Memory, Spikes, and keep tabs on other metrics as necessary.</span></li><br><li><span>Documentation: Write specifications and documentation for the server-side features.</span></li><br><li><span>Systems analysis: Analyze the technology we currently use and develop plans and processes for improvement, automation, and expansion.</span></li><br><li><span>Maintenance and troubleshooting: Perform routine application maintenance to ensure the production environment runs smoothly.</span></li><br><li><span>Develop and enforce maintenance requirements and procedures.</span></li><br><li><span>Prioritize the most critical backups needed and address at least one in every month and resolve all failed backup alerts within the quarter.</span></li><br><li><span>Ensure 100% of critical systems are backed up in a timely manner to limit data loss and mitigate against irreversible damage to our systems.</span></li><br><li><span>Ensure our applications are scanned for vulnerabilities on a regular basis and keep the system security up to date.</span></li><br><li><span>Investigate and Integrate code pipeline tools to scan our codebase for security issues.</span></li><br><li><span>Org-wide system administration: Manage license acquisition, user access, firmware updates, and support requests for Google</span></li><br><li><span>Workspace, Dynamics, Freshworks, Freshsales, Airslate, Meta, Slack, Sweetprocess, and Microsoft Office.</span></li><br><li><span>Track org-wide IT subscription spending: Consolidate monthly service subscription invoices and follow up with Kasha and third-party finance teams to ensure payments are made and captured on time.</span></li><br><li><span>Track service uptimes: Monitor downtimes and follow up on their resolution and the resulting mitigation measures. This includes watching for and escalating intermittent issues to relevant external and internal stakeholders to implement long-term solutions.</span></li><br><li><span>Forecast, plan, and execute weekly IT cloud infrastructure tasks in the Sprint Plan.</span></li><br><li><span>Enforce Kasha’s IT security policy: Monitor compliance with Kasha’s IT security policies regarding access to our systems through software integration or user login. Also, support Jakob and Lydia's push for data and security compliance in Rwanda and Kenya.</span></li><br></ul><br><p><span><span>Qualifications/Experience/Knowledge</span><br></span></p><br><ul><br><li><span>Minimum of 5 years of experience as Devops Engineer or in a similar software engineering role.</span></li><br><li><span>Minimum Academic Qualification: BSc in Computer Science or related field of study</span></li><br><li><span>Proficiency with Git and GitHub workflows.</span></li><br><li><span>Working knowledge of databases and SQL.</span></li><br><li><span>Knowledge of and hands-on experience with Cloud infrastructure such as AWS, Azure, and GCP</span></li><br><li><span>Hands-on Experience with the Linux environment.</span></li><br><li><span>Good Knowledge of PHP, Python, and SQL (you will not need to code a product, but you are expected to be able to find and modify a few lines of code to facilitate problem solving).</span></li><br><li><span>Understanding of SDLC, experience in configuration and setup of automated deployment tools and pipelines.</span></li><br><li><span>Understanding of information security.</span></li><br><li><span>Problem-solving attitude.</span></li><br><li><span>Collaborative team spirit.</span></li><br></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/kasha-senior-devops-engineer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/kasha-senior-devops-engineer</a></p>