<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Lisboa,Remote
</p>

As Odds Scanner's Senior Product Designer, you'll play a key role in crafting engaging, intuitive, user-focused experiences for our Odds Scanner digital ecosystem of brands and products. You'll contribute to shape the company's global experience design output, inspiring fellow designers, collaborating with other teams and ensuring that business objectives intersect with user needs and technology feasibility.<br><br>You'll bring sharp user-centered thinking and exceptional craft output, helping to develop projects from brief to end user, and delivering work that is pixel perfect, effective and truly remarkable. You'll inspire and collaborate with a growing design team of five product designers, helping the team to develop and excel on each project.<ul><li><p>Help to improve the overall quality of the team's design output.</p></li><li><p>Ensure cohesive and user-friendly experiences throughout our product's ecosystem.</p></li><li><p>Own the end-to-end design workflow, from concept to delivery, utilizing sitemaps, wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity designs.</p></li><li><p>Validate ideas with end users.</p></li><li><p>Establish and maintain a design system that ensures consistency and scalability across our products ecosystem.</p></li><li><p>Transform data into actionable insights that highlight design opportunities.</p></li><li><p>Refine the Product Design Team's expertise in UX, UI, Visual Design, and Design Systems by contributing to the team's growth.</p></li><li><p>Work with development teams to bring design and design systems to life.</p></li><li><p>Stay current with design trends and best practices, proactively implementing improvements in the team's design process.</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>Extensive knowledge of User Experience Design (UX), User Interface Design (UI), Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), product design, design systems, and visual design.</p></li><li><p>Sharp problem-solving ability and exceptional execution skills.</p></li><li><p>Capability to elevate design briefs to deliver innovative and effective solutions.</p></li><li><p>Strong attention to detail with a commitment to pixel-perfect precision.</p></li><li><p>Ability to innovate by establishing new design concepts.</p></li><li><p>Vast experience working on websites, landing pages, mobile apps, and web applications.</p></li><li><p>Proficiency in using the latest design and prototyping tools.</p></li><li><p>Strong presentation skills to effectively communicate ideas and concepts.</p></li><li><p>Excellent communication skills in English, both written and spoken, with the ability to articulate design decisions and rationale.</p></li><li><p>A strong online portfolio showcasing selected work (only candidates who submit a digital portfolio will be considered).</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>40 days of paid holidays of your choosing (take only the bank holidays you want!);</p></li><li><p>Flexible working hours;</p></li><li><p>Competitive salary based on experience with great opportunities to grow;</p></li><li><p>Work from home (WFH) allowance, to cover WFH costs;</p></li><li><p>Other benefits and allowances such as Gym, Private Health Insurance and Education;</p></li><li><p>Clear short to medium-term objectives that will lead to a clear career path;</p></li><li><p>Fully remote</p></li></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/odds-scanner-group-senior-product-designer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/odds-scanner-group-senior-product-designer</a></p>