<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome, we are seeking a Research Associate II to help grow the Process&nbsp;Development team within Genomics Early Development. The ideal candidate will work&nbsp;to optimize next-generation sequencing (NGS) processes and develop new&nbsp;methodologies on our multiomics platform. This person will work cross-functionally&nbsp;with Research &amp;amp; Development, Automation, Computation Science, Quality, Regulatory,&nbsp;Laboratory Operations, and Program Management on the development,&nbsp;characterization, scale-up and transfer of complex methodologies, processes and&nbsp;assays to Operations. You are passionate about contributing to developing life-saving diagnostics through early cancer detection, and you will have a significant&nbsp;impact on the continued growth of an organization dedicated to changing the entire&nbsp;landscape of cancer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Senior Manager of Genomics Early Development. This role will&nbsp;be an onsite role based in our Brisbane, California headquarters.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Apply hands-on knowledge of molecular biology, nucleic-acid biochemistry and next generation sequencing to develop and optimize NGS based methods and processes.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Execute experiments to characterize and optimize NGS workflows, converting prototypes into high-throughput automated assays.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Participate in data analysis and visualizations to answer experimental questions and identify areas for workflow optimization.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Present findings at team meetings and prepare technical reports for internal and external stakeholders.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate process improvements into the overall diagnostic workflow.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Assist with generating Standard Operating Procedures and Work Instructions with Laboratory Operations and Clinical Laboratory for transfer.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Support troubleshooting workflow issues, perform root-cause determinant experiments and propose effective data-driven solutions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Maintain detailed records of experiments, data, results and methodologies in compliance with Good Laboratory and Documentation Practices (cGLP, cGDP).</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor’s or Master’s in Molecular Biology, Genetics, Biochemistry, or a related field with 2+ years of relevant industry experience.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Hands-on experience in NGS based techniques, including nucleic acid extraction, library preparation, and sequencing.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with handling plasma and cfDNA in NGS workflows with low-volume, plate-based assay formats.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Effectively communicates with team and cross-functional partners.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">High attention to detail - record and document accurate, objective observations, assess impact, and perform troubleshooting as needed.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Excellent problem-solving skills, proactively looks for potential roadblocks, characterizes root causes to problems and collaborates with appropriate stakeholders.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to work independently as well as part of a cross-functional team.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Flexible and adaptable to change and embrace a fluid work environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Familiarity in a common scientific programming language (e.g., Python, R) is desirable.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> hourly rate</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $31.67 - $49.52</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-ONSITE</span></em></span></p>