<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Senior Enterprise Applications Engineer&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Adyen's Application Engineering team is looking for a&nbsp;<strong>Senior Enterprise Applications Engineer</strong> to design, scale, and optimize our growing portfolio of enterprise and SaaS applications. In this role, you'll work at the intersection of tooling, automation, and collaboration, driving initiatives that enhance productivity and streamline operations at a global scale.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate brings deep expertise in administering core enterprise platforms, with a strong focus on the Atlassian suite (Jira and Confluence). They should also be passionate about building reliable, automated, and integrated systems.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Design and scale enterprise applications</strong> by launching new tools and enhancing existing services, with a focus on automation and operational efficiency.</li>
<li><strong>Ensure a unified tooling ecosystem</strong> by collaborating on strategies that integrate tools such as <strong>Google Workspace</strong>, <strong>Slack</strong>, <strong>Zoom</strong>, <strong>Atlassian (Jira &amp; Confluence)</strong> and <strong>Monday.</strong></li>
<li><strong>Implement secure access controls</strong> in partnership with our Enterprise Access Management team, including automated provisioning and deprovisioning across systems.</li>
<li><strong>Build and maintain automation scripts</strong> using <strong>Python</strong> to reduce manual effort and increase tooling reliability.</li>
<li><strong>Engage with stakeholders</strong> to gather requirements, identify opportunities for improvement, and deliver scalable solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Create and maintain high-quality documentation</strong> of workflows, administrative procedures, and integrations for both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have significant experience rolling out and maintaining a variety of SaaS productivity applications and tooling ecosystems, such as Slack Enterprise Grid, Google Workspace and have a strong focus on the Atlassian Suite.</li>
<li>Subject Matter Expert on all workflows end-to-end, customizations, marketplace apps, management and configuration in Atlassian.</li>
<li>Maintain an up-to-date knowledge of Atlassian products, administration best practices.</li>
<li>You have experience building automation to migrate users and projects from legacy tools to Jira and Confluence.</li>
<li>You have strong Python automation skills, with the ability to build, troubleshoot, and scale scripts and tools independently.</li>
<li>You apply a security-first mindset, designing solutions that safeguard data and systems while maintaining a seamless user experience.</li>
<li>You’re a strong communicator and collaborator, capable of working cross-functionally to deliver scalable, secure, and maintainable systems that support global operations.</li>
<li>Experience with Terraform and Airflow is considered a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</span></p>