<p>We are Datadog's in-house product experts. The Technical Solutions (TS) team enables Datadog's worldwide growth by educating potential clients and ensuring that existing customers are happy and successful. Field CTOs are part of the broader Product Solutions Architecture (PSA) organization, serving as technical multipliers and trusted advisors to our customers' most senior decision makers and key executive stakeholders. They align customer ambitions with Datadog’s technology roadmap, enabling digital transformation while driving sustained growth for both our customers and Datadog.</p>
<p>As Datadog continues to scale, we are creating a Field CTO role to lead our GTM technical strategy for the entire Japan region - establishing thought leadership, building the long-term strategic case for Datadog, and expanding our footprint in the market.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>C-Level</strong>: Strategically guide CIO/CTO/CEO/CISO-level customer and prospect executives in rationalizing their adoption journey, investment and operationalizing of observability.</li>
<li><strong>GTM</strong>: Identifies industry specific trends and their impact and potential during Customers engagements, feeding the top-of-funnel for Product, GTM, BVA and Architecture teams. Co-create industry solutions via collaboration with Product SAs and Product Management.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Leadership</strong>: Demonstrate Datadog's platform as well as thought leadership in Observability and Security, emphasizing our advanced solutions, industry best practices, and dedication to providing organizations with superior visibility and management of their at scale environments.</li>
<li><strong>Advisory</strong>: Be a trusted advisor to Sales leaders as well as customer and prospect executives on ROI, value realization and white-space analysis. Assist with opportunity and adoption strategy for individual customers within their vertical of expertise.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration</strong>: Collaborate with Product Solutions Architecture (PSA), Sales, Sales Engineering and Marketing in providing high-quality technical resources to a broad audience of practitioners and economic buyers.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Presentations</strong>: Lead architecture and design engagements to demonstrate how Datadog meets the needs of strategic customers. Participate in Executive Brief conversations in Datatadog’s Executive Briefing Center (EBC) with high profile customers and prospects about overall architecture, Observability Best Practices and industry trends.</li>
<li><strong>Hiring</strong>: Assist leadership in recruiting and hiring of top talent for the Product Solutions Architecture and Field CTO teams.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Industry Experience: </strong>Strong experience of at least 15+ years with Enterprise architecture or Application architecture at scale and ability to map architectures to real world use cases, coupled with deep knowledge of the observability space, cloud, and technological shifts for customers in the Japan region.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Thinker</strong>: Able to think long term and creatively about a wide variety of technical and business challenges</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Management</strong>: Experienced in interacting and influencing key stakeholders (VP+ and C level) in large Enterprise organizations&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Technologist</strong>: Hands-on technologist who gains credibility and establishes strong relationships at all levels of the organization</li>
<li><strong>Presenter</strong>: Excellent customer-facing presentation skills for large audiences, comfortable discussing complex technical details as well as with briefing executives or non-technical personas.</li>
<li><strong>Communicator</strong>: Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to link product functionality to business objectives, value realization and ROI.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Travel</strong>: Able to travel via auto, train or air up to 50% of the time</li>
<li><strong>Education</strong>: Bachelor’s degree in engineering or related field, Master’s degree preferred</li>
<li>Native level in Japanese with strong English proficiency (both spoken and written).</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Best-in-breed onboarding</li>
<li>Generous global benefits</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, able to join our Community Guilds and Inclusion Talks</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>