<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><div><strong>Manager, Renewals<br><br>Your Opportunity </strong><br>We believe that keeping our existing customers is as equally meaningful as gaining new ones. We advocate the principle of a virtuous cycle of customer success and improved revenue performance.<br>The Renewals Manager will be responsible for leading our renewals team and ensuring that our customers are renewing their subscriptions on time with desired outcomes aligned to company KPIs. They will work closely with our sales and customer adoption teams to identify opportunities for renewal and expansion within our existing customer base. This role requires a deep understanding of our software and the industry, as well as excellent communication and relationship-building skills.<br><br><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Manage a team of renewals specialists, providing coaching and guidance to ensure high performance and employee engagement</li>
<li>Negotiate and finalize renewals by interacting with customer decision makers and end users and build positive relationships with the customer and internal teams</li>
<li>Work closely with the sales and customer success teams to identify opportunities for renewal and expansion within our existing customer base</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and implement customer retention and expansion initiatives</li>
<li>Analyze renewal data and customer feedback to identify areas for improvement in the renewal process and customer experience</li>
<li>Monitor and report on key renewal metrics, such as renewal rate, churn rate, and revenue retention</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Your Qualifications</strong><br>Must-have:</div>
<ul>
<li>10+ years experience in sales, renewing contracts or customer success</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in leading a renewals team, with a track record of achieving high renewal rates and revenue retention</li>
<li>Strong understanding of the underlying drivers of business success across industry sectors</li>
<li>Excellent communication and relationship-building skills, with the ability to work effectively with both internal and external stakeholders</li>
<li>Proven ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to achieve shared goals</li>
<li>Strong verbal and written communication skills<br><br>#LI-AD1</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>