<p>Datadog is seeking a Senior Manager, Technical Account Management (TAM) for the EMEA region to join our high-growth organization and world-class Technical Post Sales (TPS) Team. You will manage, grow and scale an existing team of first line leaders and talented TAM. TAMs are technical experts who provide paid “white glove” technical services to our largest customers by supporting, adopting and providing guidance over the comprehensive suite of products and features available at Datadog. A TAM is held in high regard as an expert and trusted advisor for how IT Operations translates to business value.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a hands-on management role where you will take the lead technical post sales role in the entire EMEA region supporting customer facing activities and engagements for key accounts, evangelizing our TPS offering across EMEA.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage a team of leaders and TAM individual contributors to ensure customer success and growth.</li>
<li>Enable your team with soft skills and key technical skills to support our Datadog customers.</li>
<li>Partner on recruiting efforts to find and hire top talent within your region. Mentor/coach new hires during on-boarding to ensure proper ramping of skills and capabilities.</li>
<li>Collaborate with other leaders and TAM teams across regions to improve the TPS program globally, standardize the offering across regions and customize for regional needs when warranted.</li>
<li>Partner with the Sales and Customer Success Teams to articulate the overall Datadog Technical Post Sales (TPS) value proposition, vision and strategy to customers.</li>
<li>Provide thought leadership for TPS throughout the EMEA region, proposing changes to our offering to increase the total addressable market and continually improve quality of our services.</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with Product Management, Sales Engineering, Support, and Enablement to ensure continuity between pre and post sales activities.</li>
<li>Deliver semi-annual performance reviews for team members along with collaborating on and executing individual development plans.</li>
<li>Lead OKRs in your region, from definition, alignment with global vision to helping your team execute every quarter.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced with 5+ years managing or mentoring Professional Services, Sales Engineering or Support teams and 1-3+ years in an individual contributor Professional Services or other equivalent client facing role.</li>
<li>A self-starter, tech-savvy professional with strong written and oral communication skills. This role requires an ability to understand and articulate both the business benefits (value proposition) and technical advantages of our offering while also coaching others how to do so.</li>
<li>Coachable, with a strong desire to improve and grow as a professional and a demonstrated ability to navigate through change.</li>
<li>Proven in your ability to grow and develop a team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Knowledgeable in current infrastructure, Cloud technologies (AWS, Azure or GCP), monitoring solutions and trends.</li>
<li>Able to travel via auto, train or air up to 50% of the time.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience working as a TAM or equivalent client facing role supporting mid-market and/or Enterprise customers in the Cloud space.</li>
<li>Experience evangelizing Cloud adoption, observability and/or security to C-level executives.</li>
<li>Experience using Datadog and/or other cloud monitoring tools.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Best-in-breed onboarding</li>
<li>Generous global benefits</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, able to join our Community Guilds and Inclusion Talks</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>