<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Team:</strong></p>
<p>Our Partner Management function is central to our growth strategy as we aim to place Celonis on every consultant’s laptop and maximize the value our clients can realize with our technology through our partner ecosystem. Building the Partner ecosystem in the Indian market is of primary importance as our partners and customers rapidly invest in our technology. For that role we seek a Partner Manager to join our regional leadership team, develop our ecosystem strategy and manage the regional partnerships (Big 4, Global SIs and Regional SIs). So come aboard the next generational SaaS company as a Celonaut!</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute a holistic partner strategy for the India market to achieve assigned sales goals (typically “Influenced revenue”/Co-sell and direct revenue).</li>
<li>Work with partners to expand partnership into new strategic areas (new Service Lines and Industry Verticals).</li>
<li>Build and manage relationships with key stakeholders (typically Partner/Managing Manager).</li>
<li>Organise and execute events with and for our partner community.</li>
<li>Pitch value proposition of Celonis partnership on all levels (up to C-Level).</li>
<li>Support partners in their go-to-market activities (business planning, pipeline development, QBR, marketing, sales activities across different Go-To-Market options…).</li>
<li>Ensure alignment of all relevant stakeholders on pursues in joint accounts.</li>
<li>Drive technical and sales enablement of partners, orchestrating different resources.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 12-15 years of relevant work experience in the area of partner management, sales or business development with Big 4 firms, Global SIs or regional SIs.</li>
<li>The ability to excite others and build strong relationships on an Executive level.</li>
<li>Combine the ability to develop a holistic strategy and work on operational day to day tasks to execute that strategy and grow our partnerships.</li>
<li>Strong sales mindset and you are Team-oriented &amp; Entrepreneurial.</li>
<li>Studies in Business Administration / Economics / Information Systems is a preference</li>
<li>Ideally a strong network within Consulting (Big 4) and System Integrator companies.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, verbally &amp; written in English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: Mumbai</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>