[Jira ticket](https://macpaw.atlassian.net/jira/core/projects/WFP/board?selectedIssue=WFP-597)

### 

We’re looking for a **Middle** **Talent Acquisition Specialist** who is enthusiastic about their work and eager to grow in the field.

We’re planning a steady growth this year, which will require you to source, screen, interview, and hire — fast, but without losing the quality and cultural fit aspects. The tasks are quite challenging, and the list of positions goes on and on, so you will surely have a lot of opportunities to sharpen your recruitment skills and participate in MacPaw`s growth and development as a business. But no worries — there is always a team to help you!

Our Talent Acquisition Team is all about trust, support, and collaboration. We have two weekly syncs, where we discuss new ideas and difficulties, share experiences, and plan our future activities.

Apart from working on vacancies, you’ll also be able to participate in different projects related to the company’s recruitment processes in different directions — Employer Branding, analytics, operations, internal training for Hiring Managers, etc.

For day-to-day operations and team collaboration we use Slack, Recruitee, Gmail, Сonfluence, Jira, Zoom, Figma, and internal dashboards.

If it sounds interesting to you, then look no further — send us your CV!

#### **In this role, you will:**

* Maintain hiring processes for standard and unique vacancies by searching, assessing, and selecting candidates that meet the business’s needs to achieve the planned headcount growth and business development.
* Provide the full cycle of closing standard vacancies with relevant candidates by searching, selecting, and assessing their competencies, values, and compliance with the position’s requirements.
* For strategic-level vacancies (unique and complex), conduct the smart selection and evaluation of candidates who meet the requirements, and transfer the finalists to the Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist to close the vacancies.
* Brief the internal clients before opening a vacancy to correctly assess the business needs and align them with the actual state of the candidate market.
* Participate in optimizing and improving recruiting processes and training internal clients in interviewing and high-quality candidate skill selection.
* Maintain the recruiting ATS in an accurate state in order to conduct a valid analysis of recruiting metrics and improve the hiring process if needed.
* Select interns for company internship projects by analyzing questionnaires and conducting interviews among relevant candidates to form a base of potential employees for junior positions in the company now and in the future, as well as to strengthen the Employer Brand.