<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community you will join:</strong></p>
<p>The Cities team leads the work necessary to implement the regulatory products and processes needed globally to comply with regulations, and does so in a manner that also sustainably supports Airbnb’s growth.</p>
<p><strong>The difference you will make:</strong></p>
<p>As a Regulatory Operations Lead, you will bring specialized experience in regulatory operations, expertise in team management and the ability to advise and guide cross-functional teams across geographies based on trends and observations to continuously evolve our long term strategy. You will lead with influence, build structure through ambiguity, and deliver innovation that enables scalable, elegant solutions.</p>
<p>You will be responsible for driving the delivery of centrally run strategic programs, while also defining and executing localized strategies that play a key role in accelerating Airbnb's growth and retention efforts. You should be comfortable developing operational programs and processes, have experience navigating complex regulatory environments, and possess a keen eye for quality/detail that inspires the teams and individuals you work with to exceed expectations.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A typical day:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the strategic development and execution of highly scalable regulatory programs across multiple jurisdictions, effectively communicating outcomes and insights to senior leadership.</li>
<li>Lead end-to-end execution of complex regulatory programs, ensuring measurable outcomes, sustainable operations, and readiness to meet evolving legal requirements while ensuring Airbnb’s obligations are met with excellence.</li>
<li>Manage a high performing team of individuals responsible for strategy and regulatory operations.</li>
<li>Translate emerging regulatory trends into actionable business strategies for senior leadership.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partner with cross-functional technical partners to design solutions that enable proactive, automated compliance solutions.</li>
<li>Identify and lead resolution of regulatory risks or incidents, coordinating with legal and policy counterparts to develop mitigation and escalation strategies.</li>
<li>Influence cross-functional roadmaps and corporate strategy through deep expertise in regulatory frameworks.</li>
<li>Serve as the primary liaison and operational architect for your jurisdictions, establishing operational rhythms and ensuring alignment among cross-functional stakeholders while maintaining comprehensive project documentation.</li>
<li>Drive high-impact strategic projects aimed at enhancing efficiency and effectiveness while also aligning with broader business goals.</li>
<li>Lead the strategic development and execution of scalable regulatory products and programs across multiple jurisdictions, effectively communicating outcomes and insights to senior leadership.</li>
<li>Analyze data by running queries and creating dashboards to identify trends, surface anomalies, and perform the necessary investigation</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your expertise:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of experience in regulatory operations, legal/policy compliance, consulting, project management, or related fields.</li>
<li>Strong team management skills and the ability to coach and mentor direct reports.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to navigate ambiguity and lead multiple projects in a fast-paced and complex regulatory environment.</li>
<li>Experience building scalable technical solutions and processes to mitigate regulatory risks.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience designing and operationalizing regulatory workflows.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication skills, with the ability to articulate complex regulatory information as applicable and required for varied audiences.</li>
<li>Comfortable and skilled at regularly interfacing with, influencing and being a thought partner to senior management to inform strategy and decision-making, yielding positive outcomes.</li>
<li>Strong stakeholder management and influencing skills, with a track record of aligning cross-functional teams to achieve business objectives.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>