<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome, we are seeking a Senior Software Engineer I to help develop software to combat cancer. The ideal candidate will be excited to work as part of an interdisciplinary team of engineers and analysts building end-to-end solutions for our clinical and R&amp;D labs. You will be responsible for getting our state-of-the-art lab processes to interface with the rest of our systems. Depending on your skills and our needs, you'll be working on projects including distributed systems, system integration, database operations, and ETL. As a member of a fast-growing team, you’ll take the lead on major projects and collaborate actively with our world-class team of engineers, scientists, designers, and product managers. You are passionate about building reliable, maintainable, scalable, and fault-tolerant backend services, and you will have a significant impact on the continued growth of a high profile technology organization that is changing the landscape on early cancer detection.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to our engineering management team. This role will be a Remote role.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Design, develop, and deploy reliable, maintainable, scalable, and fault-tolerant LIS/LIMS software and backend services that power both our internal systems.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Collaborate with team members for code and design reviews.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Work with scientists, product analysts, technical product managers, and other engineers to solve complex problems in the face of lots of dynamism and uncertainty.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Provide on-call support on a rotational basis.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Guide and champion engineering hygiene and culture as a core part of the engineering backbone.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">BS in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, or equivalent training, fellowship, and/or work experience.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">3+ years of experience as a part of a software development team successfully shipping a software product.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Expertise with Java.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with LIS/LIMS development, configuration, and deployments.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience designing and implementing scalable backend systems.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">The ability to thrive in an environment where collaboration, communication, and compromise are an expected part of your day-to-day work.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">A mindful, transparent, and humane approach to your work and your interactions with others.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with Python.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in Kubernetes, Docker, MySQL, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Domain-specific experience in computational biology, genomics or a related field.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $131,325- $189,525.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered. Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-REMOTE</span></em></span></p>