<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>A team of four responsible for running German and international payroll across different company entities. We work closely with external payroll providers to ensure accurate and compliant processing and collaborate regularly with People Operations on all employee-related matters. Part of the Finance team, we're a small but central function that keeps things running smoothly across the business.</p>
<p><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Process and verify data for German and international payroll across different company entities, ensuring accuracy and compliance with local labor and social security laws</li>
<li>Coordinate with external payroll providers, tax authorities and social security providers on data submissions, queries, and issue resolution</li>
<li>Monitor payroll deadlines and ensure timely end-to-end processing</li>
<li>Handle employee payroll inquiries and resolve discrepancies in a timely manner</li>
<li>Support the Accounting team in reconciling payroll-related accounts and reports</li>
<li>Coordinate and process internal and external audits</li>
<li>Identify opportunities to improve payroll processes and contribute to their implementation</li>
<li>Support and collaborate on various HR-related projects in coordination with People Operations</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Solid hands-on experience in payroll (3 years at least), covering German and ideally international entities (e.g. Spain and Italy)</li>
<li>Good understanding of German labor law and social security regulations</li>
<li>Experience working with external payroll providers and managing those relationships effectively</li>
<li>Takes ownership of their work and can operate with a high degree of independence</li>
<li>Proficient in Excel; familiarity with Personio and Jira is a plus</li>
<li>Comfortable collaborating across teams, including Finance and People Operations</li>
<li>Fluent in German and English, both written and spoken</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>