<div class="content-intro"><p><em>At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If you’re a close but not exact match with the description, we hope you’ll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit <a class="\_ymio1r31 \_ypr0glyw \_zcxs1o36 \_mizu194a \_1ah3dkaa \_ra3xnqa1 \_128mdkaa \_1cvmnqa1 \_4davt94y \_4bfu18uv \_1hms8stv \_ajmmnqa1 \_vchhusvi \_kqswh2mm \_ect4ttxp \_syaz13af \_1a3b18uv \_4fpr8stv \_5goinqa1 \_f8pj13af \_9oik18uv \_1bnxglyw \_jf4cnqa1 \_30l313af \_1nrm18uv \_c2waglyw \_1iohnqa1 \_9h8h12zz \_10531ra0 \_1ien1ra0 \_n0fx1ra0 \_1vhv17z1" href="http://klaviyo.com/careers" data-renderer-mark="true">klaviyo.com/careers</a>&nbsp;to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.</em></p></div><div class="section page-centered">
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Account Executives at Klaviyo are given a tremendous opportunity to have a huge impact on Klaviyo’s prospects, on Klaviyo’s trajectory and as a result, on themselves.&nbsp; At Klaviyo, AEs pride themselves on being product experts who focus on closing deals the right way -- with the right customers whom they set up for success.&nbsp; AEs at Klaviyo run the entire sales cycle -- from qualification to demo to driving the buying process to close, all while managing dozens of prospects at once.&nbsp; The best AEs are able to close over 80% of their opportunities, forecast their business with accuracy, and proactively manage and extract value from their territory long term.</span></p>
<p>Join us, and let's build the future of marketing technology together.</p>
<p>Klaviyo’s Headquarters are based in Boston, US. This current role is hybrid and based out of our Singapore office.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How You’ll Make a Difference:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Seek and qualify new opportunities across the Mid-Market segment</li>
<li>Actively manage pipeline and develop a strategy for long-term sustained success</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross functional team members in product, engineering, partnerships and customer success to&nbsp; improve cross-departmental efforts for upmarket clients</li>
<li>Support the success of your peers</li>
<li>Exhibit Klaviyo’s values of accountability and effort</li>
<li>Provide guidance and support to new Account Executives</li>
<li>Transform workflows by putting AI at the center, building smarter systems and ways of working from the ground up.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>More than 8 years sales experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>More than 5 years experience in SaaS or Martech sales in a new logo acquisition role</li>
<li>Experience in large complex Mid Enterprise and Enterprise Deals&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to build relationships with internal (business development, marketing, ops and enablement partnerships, etc.) and external (clients, prospects, agencies etc.) stakeholders.</li>
<li>In line with our value of always learning, you define yourself as an energetic self-starter who is results-oriented and works effectively in an entrepreneurial environment.</li>
<li>Experience and interest in working with strategic accounts with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>Proven strategic pipeline management experience to ensure long term success.</li>
<li>Track record of using data to inform decision making.</li>
<li>Track record of working with leadership to define and implement successful new programs</li>
<li>Strategic mindset to define and execute sales strategies.</li>
<li>A results oriented, highly motivated, enthusiastic attitude and the ability to work independently.</li>
<li>A deep understanding of SaaS and sales economics.</li>
<li>Experience selling into the Greater China Export eCommerce Market is a plus</li>
<li>Fluency in English, and <strong>proficiency in Japanese </strong>is required to work with the clients in the region.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’ve already experimented with AI in work or personal projects, and you’re excited to dive in and learn fast. You’re hungry to responsibly explore new AI tools and workflows, finding ways to make your work smarter and more efficient.</li>
<li>Eligible to work in Singapore without restrictions</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Soft-skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Exemplary presentation and communication skills.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical, problem-solving and decision making skills.</li>
<li>Detail-oriented and persuasive.</li>
<li>Strong sense of curiosity with a bias towards action.</li>
<li>Proficiency with tools such as Salesforce, Outreach, and Gong.</li>
<li>Use of, implementation and understanding of sales process and methodologies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Klaviyo in APAC:</strong></p>
<p>We are rapidly expanding our footprint in Asia-Pacific with our new Singapore Hub. Since launching here just six months ago we are already scaling fast, aggressively building out our core GTM functions, including Sales, Pre-sales, Business Development, Customer Success, Partnerships, Marketing, and People.</p>
<p>This is a true <strong>“1% done”</strong> moment. While we build on the strong foundation of our Sydney presence, our Singapore Hub offers the unique energy of a startup within a global company. We are looking for <strong>“Drivers”</strong>—builders who want to shape our local culture and define the future of Klaviyo in Asia-Pacific and Japan.</p>
<p>Aligned with our value of <strong>Always Learning</strong>, we are looking for the leaders of the future. The headroom for growth here is massive. If you are insatiably curious and eager to accelerate your career, Klaviyo provides the platform. Join us, and help build something exceptional from the ground up.</p>
</div>
<p>We use Covey as part of our hiring and / or promotional process. For jobs or candidates in NYC, certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using <a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound">Covey Scout for Inbound</a> on April 3, 2025.</p>
<p>Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey <a style="text-decoration: underline;" href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144">here</a><br><br>#LI- Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This role may require up to 10% travel for purposes such as new hire onboarding, client or partner work if applicable, team meetings, and industry events. Travel is coordinated in advance.</em></p>
<p><strong>Get to Know Klaviyo</strong></p>
<p>We’re Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology we’re developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If you’re ready to do the best work of your career, where you’ll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope you’ll join us.</p>
<p><em>AI fluency at Klaviyo includes responsible use of AI (including privacy, security, bias awareness, and human-in-the-loop). We provide accommodations as needed.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>By participating in Klaviyo’s interview process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and will adhere to our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0auUcRqeYRczM9UoXAKldj">Guidelines for using AI in the Klaviyo interview Process</a>. For more information about how we process your personal data, see our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1axMoReIM1qwTbmaPcLI\_b">Job Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.<br></em></p>
<p><em>Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.</em></p>
<div id="1737752197.414839" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737752197.414839">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--default">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">IMPORTANT NOTICE: Our company takes the security and privacy of job applicants very seriously. We will never ask for payment, bank details, or personal financial information as part of the application process. All our legitimate job postings can be found on our official career site. Please be cautious of job offers that come from non-company email addresses (@klaviyo.com), instant messaging platforms, or unsolicited calls.</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">By clicking "Submit Application" you consent to Klaviyo processing your Personal Data in accordance with our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.&nbsp; If you do not wish for Klaviyo to process your Personal Data, please do not submit an application.<em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp; </em></strong><em data-stringify-type="italic">You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice&nbsp;</em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;and <a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/fr/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice">here</a> (FR).</em></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="1737477146.268809" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737477146.268809">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--above">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_left">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>