<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote - USA
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p><strong>About Engine</strong><br>At Engine, we’re transforming business travel into something personalized, rewarding, and simple. For too long, managing travel and spend has been overwhelming and fragmented — we’re here to change that. We believe the future of travel should be seamless and powered by technology that delights customers at every step. That’s why we’re building a platform that brings together corporate travel, a powerful charge card, and modern spend management in one place.</p><br><p>To make this vision real, we’re looking for exceptional, mission-driven people to help redefine how businesses manage and experience travel.</p><br><p>More than 20,000 companies already rely on Engine to support over 1 million travelers and billions in annual bookings each year. Cash flow positive with rapid growth, we pair exclusive Engine-only rates, industry-leading rewards, and intelligent automation to help businesses save money while delivering world-class personalization and convenience.</p><br><p>Backed by Telescope Partners, Blackstone, and Permira, Engine has been recognized as one of the fastest-growing travel and fintech platforms in North America, with honors including the Deloitte Fast 500 and Built In’s Best Places to Work.</p></div><div><p>Engine is looking for a <strong>Senior/Staff Product Manager - Flights</strong> to work on a mission-critical part of our business, enabling post booking modification capabilities for the Flights vertical. This role sits at the intersection of travel innovation and customer experience, driving acquisition, activation, and retention through thoughtful experimentation, strategic enhancements, and AI-native product thinking.</p><br><h4><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h4><br><h4><strong>Build the Flights Post-booking Ecosystem:&nbsp;</strong></h4><br><ul><br><li><br><h4>Contribute to the product strategy, roadmap, and development for a suite of post booking/modification capabilities that align with our mission.</h4><br></li><br><li>Help grow Engine’s Flights business by building world class flexibilities into the customer experience.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Contribute to Partnerships Strategy:</strong>&nbsp;</p><br><ul><br><li>Enhance and contribute to partnerships that enhance the value of Engine, working closely with Product and Business Development teams.</li><br></ul><br><h4><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration</strong></h4><br><ul><br><li>Work closely with design, engineering, product operations, customer experience, and sales to bring initiatives to life from initial ideation through post launch&nbsp;</li><br><li>Work with other PMs within Travel or related product teams.</li><br></ul><br><h4><strong>What You’ll Bring</strong></h4><br><ul><br><li><strong>5+ years</strong> of product management experience with a deep focus on flights travel, bonus points for post booking/modification experience</li><br><li>Understanding of flights post booking customer journey, airline connectivities, and having deep industry expertise</li><br><li>Comfort building cross-functional systems from zero and scaling them with a long-term lens.</li><br><li>Experience leveraging AI tools and automation to optimize workflows and personalize experiences.</li><br><li>A strategic thinker who’s also execution-obsessed—you can zoom out and zoom in with equal comfort.</li><br><li>Natural leadership and mentoring instincts—you elevate the people and teams around you.</li><br></ul><br><p><em>We accept applications for this role on an ongoing basis. We review applications as they are received and encourage interested candidates to apply early.</em></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><em>Applications for this role will be accepted through 3/5/26 or until the role is filled. We encourage you to apply early, as we may begin reviewing applications before the deadline.</em></p></div><div class="job__pay-ranges"><div class="pay-range"><div class="description"><div class="body"><span><p><span><strong>Compensation</strong></span><br>Our compensation packages are based on several factors, including your experience, expertise, and location. In addition to a competitive base salary, total compensation may include equity and/or variable pay (OTE). Your recruiter will share your complete compensation package as you move through the process.</p></span></div></div><p class="body body--medium">Base Pay Range</p><p class="body">$147,500 - $246,100 USD</p></div></div><div><p><strong>The Engine Edge: Perks &amp; Compensation</strong><strong><br></strong>We believe in rewarding great work with great benefits:</p><br><ul><br><li><strong>Compensation:</strong> Competitive base pay tied to role and experience, with opportunities for bonuses, commissions, and equity.</li><br><li><strong>Benefits:</strong> Check out our full list at<a href="https://engine.com/culture"> </a><a href="http://engine.com/culture">engine.com/culture</a>.</li><br><li><strong>Environments for Success: </strong>Different roles have different needs in terms of the environments that drive success which is why we have a hybrid-hub model. Whether you are in one of our amazing offices or fully remote, we’ll make sure you have what you need to succeed.</li><br></ul><br><p><em>Perks and benefits may vary based on employment type, location, and more.</em></p><br><p><strong>Ready to Build the Future of Work Travel?</strong><strong><br></strong>Join us on our mission to transform how work travel works—for businesses, for travelers, and for the industry. Apply now and let’s make travel simpler, smarter, and more enjoyable—together.</p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/engine-senior-staff-product-manager-flights">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/engine-senior-staff-product-manager-flights</a></p>