<div class="content-intro"><div>
<p>We’re a fast-growing tech scale-up with $36M in funding, revolutionizing the modern internet with cutting-edge solutions that drive mass-adoption.&nbsp;We already work with major brands such as Uber, Amazon, North Face, Temu, Lego, BMW, North Face and 100’s more. Our secret? Removing all blockchain and crypto complexities that are barriers to creating user-friendly applications solving real-world use-cases. Our investors include Multicoin, Circle Ventures, Animoca, Valor, Alliance DAO, and more. With a community of over 1M followers across all socials and a CEO who has been featured on the NYSE and NASDAQ, we believe we are only at the beginning of making XION a global brand.</p>
</div>
<div>-- -- -- -- -- -- -- --</div></div><p>We are looking for an APAC Developer Relations specialist (must speak Chinese and English fluently) to help builders deploy on XION with minimal friction. This role involves being the primary point of contact for developers, providing hands-on support while continuously improving documentation, examples, and tooling in collaboration with the engineering team. The ideal candidate has a strong technical background, with expertise in at least one of TypeScript, Go, or Rust, and experience in DevRel or open-source contributions. You should be highly organized, proactive in addressing developer needs, and passionate about blockchain technology’s potential for mass adoption.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Top priority</strong>: help builders deploy on XION as seamlessly as possible, and continuously improve the developer experience</li>
<li>Be the lead point of contact for builders deploying on XION, providing proactive support to builders across direct Telegram chats, Discord channels, forums, and community chats.</li>
<li>Address developer pain points by improving documentation, examples, SDKs, and APIs in collaboration with engineering.</li>
<li>Gather and prioritize developer feedback for product and engineering team enhancements.</li>
<li>Advocate internally for the developer community’s needs and concerns.</li>
<li>Build and maintain relationships with developers to foster a supportive community.</li>
<li>Stay updated on blockchain and software application trends, tools, and best practices.</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>Requirements</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong, proactive communication skills. Builders always come first. Never let over 15 hours pass on a support request without acknowledgement that the message was received.</li>
<li>Organization: you will be juggling many different requests, across many different teams, across many different channels. It is important to stay organized so that builders receive the highest level of support. In addition, repeated requests will need to be logged, surfaced and addressed in documentation &amp; improved developer tools to streamline future support.</li>
<li>Strong background in Computer Science through education or self-learning.</li>
<li>Minimum 3 years in developer relations or technical evangelism for consumer APIs, applications, blockchain projects.</li>
<li>Advanced understanding of one of: Typescript, Go, Rust</li>
<li>Ability to communicate complex technical concepts clearly to a diverse audience.</li>
<li>Experience in managing open-source projects and maintaining high-quality documentation.</li>
<li>Strong networking and interpersonal skills, passionate about supporting developers.</li>
<li>Proactive and empathetic problem-solving approach, committed to continuous improvement.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Desirable Knowledge</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Advanced understanding of Typescript, Go, Rust, Cosmwasm, Move, Solidity</li>
<li>Advanced understanding of blockchain technology or distributed systems.</li>
<li>Experience in developing blockchain applications or working with smart contracts.</li>
<li>Familiarity with the Cosmos SDK/Cosmwasm and active participation in the community.</li>
<li>Contributions and activity in open-source projects, especially blockchain projects.</li>
<li>Interest in blockchain technologies and their integration into consumer applications.</li>
<li>Passionate belief in the transformative power of decentralization and blockchain technology.</li>
</ul>