<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>As an Associate Developer Community Manager, you will serve as a link between Roblox and our developer and creator community. Your role involves shaping how we communicate and interact with our creators. You will partner with internal teams to write and publish posts on the Roblox <a href="https://devforum.roblox.com/">DevForum</a> Korean Category, including product updates, feature announcements, and event details. You'll help craft messages that are clear, concise, and tailored to the creator audience, building a strong and informed community. This role reports to the Senior Lead of Developer Relations in Korea.</p>
<h4>You Will:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Craft announcements and communications with empathy and respect for our community.</li>
<li>Ensure creators are consistently informed about platform updates and product releases.</li>
<li>Support broader communication efforts, including crisis response, developer program announcements, and community events.</li>
<li>Represent the creator community’s perspective to internal Product, Marketing, and Engineering teams.</li>
<li>Monitor and analyze community feedback related to major product launches to be able to accurately gauge potential sentiment of updates and product releases.</li>
<li>Proactively identify ways to enhance our communication and engagement with Roblox creators.</li>
<li>Continually improve your knowledge of the Roblox Creator Community.</li>
</ul>
<h4>You Have:</h4>
<ul>
<li>1+ years of experience in the gaming industry, or equivalent experience with a gaming engine such as Roblox Studio.</li>
<li>Proficient in both technical and creative writing. Familiarity with HTML/Markdown is a plus.</li>
<li>A strong analytical mindset with a keen attention to detail.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication abilities.</li>
<li>Adaptable and flexible, with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and pivot as needed.</li>
<li>A creative thinker who can develop innovative communication strategies for diverse audiences.</li>
<li>Great knowledge in Roblox Studio and the local creator community.</li>
</ul>
<h4>You Are:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in Korean and English.</li>
<li>BA or BS degree or equivalent</li>
<li>Based in Korea or willing to relocate.</li>
<li>Able to proactively communicate with the community and creators.</li>
<li>Experienced with using Roblox Studio or another game development engine.</li>
<li>Actively listens to diverse perspectives and considers the human impact of every decision.</li>
<li>Brings high energy and a genuine passion for supporting and uplifting our communities.</li>
<li>Values teamwork and actively fosters a cooperative environment. Comfortable coordinating cross-functional efforts to achieve shared goals.</li>
<li>Receptive to feedback and diverse perspectives; willing to pivot strategies to achieve the best outcome.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>