<div class="content-intro"><p>FERNRIDE is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to Diversity, Equity, Inclusion &amp; Belonging because we value and celebrate everyone's differences and individuality. We strive to create an open, safe space in which you feel empowered and authentic. FERNRIDE has 50 employees from 10+ countries. Our culture is characterized by the company values and fundamentals:</p>
<p>&nbsp;<em data-renderer-mark="true">#wewinasoneteam #weexecuteanddeliver #weareambitiousinnovators #weareopentochange #weputcustomervaluefirst #respect #professionalism #safety</em>.</p></div><h2>What you will work on</h2>
<p>As a Working Student in Machine Learning / Perception at Fernride, you will play a crucial role in enabling our Autonomous Driving systems by ensuring the quality and consistency of our training data. You will work closely with the Perception and ML teams to build the foundation for robust, state-of-the-art models.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>How you will leave your footprint</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Data Labeling</strong>: Perform and quality-check multi-modal data labeling, including 3D bounding box labeling and 3D semantic segmentation, on collected sensor data.</li>
<li><strong>Ontology Management</strong>: Support the creation, refinement, and documentation of our comprehensive data labeling ontology to maintain consistency across all data sets.</li>
<li><strong>Process Improvement</strong>: Assist in improving and scaling up the data annotation process, potentially utilizing external tools and new data from collection vehicles.</li>
<li><strong>Data Analysis</strong>: Contribute to the analysis of complex, multi-modal sensor data from our autonomous systems (e.g., Lidar, cameras).</li>
</ul>
<h2>What you will bring to the team</h2>
<p>Required Skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's program in Computer Science, Robotics, Electrical Engineering, or a related field.</li>
<li>Initial experience or strong theoretical understanding of Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Computer Vision, specifically for autonomous systems.</li>
<li>High level of detail orientation and commitment to data quality.</li>
</ul>
<p>Preferred skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with autonomous driving sensor data (e.g., LiDAR, Camera).</li>
<li>Proficiency in Python.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer @ FERNRIDE</h2>
<p>At FERNRIDE, we believe in empowering you to thrive both personally and professionally. Our benefits are thoughtfully designed to support your growth, well-being, and aspirations while fostering a strong sense of work-life harmony. Here’s how we support you:</p>
<ul>
<li>Flexible working hours &amp; remote work</li>
<li>All-day breakfast and unlimited drinks, fruits, and snacks</li>
<li>Team, department, and company events</li>
<li>30 days of vacation</li>
<li>Up to six weeks of remote work in countries covered under the EHIC (European Health Insurance Card)</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3 style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Who we are</strong></h3>
<p>At FERNRIDE, we believe in a future where robotics unlocks human potential to create a better world. Yet today, humans still perform repetitive, risky tasks to keep our world running. These jobs, essential yet unattractive, should be performed by robots, which still fall short. We are on a mission to change that and transform critical industries through human-centric automation.&nbsp;</p>
<p>FERNRIDE delivers a comprehensive ground autonomy platform to offer scalable automation solutions across industries. They span from container terminals and yard operations via defence logistics to open-road trucking. By combining AI-powered autonomy with human oversight and modular, vehicle-agnostic hardware, we enable businesses and defence organizations to harness the full potential of automation, driving efficiency and safety.</p>
<p>FERNRIDE was founded in 2019 following 10 years of research at the Technical University of Munich and currently has 50 employees. We are setting the standard for autonomous logistics and advancing Europe’s technological sovereignty by delivering the first-ever fully certified autonomous trucking system in Europe in 2025.&nbsp;</p>
<p><a href="http://www.fernride.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.fernride.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1757585046493000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1T5cJF2LGWoamJbG16ROiW">http://www.fernride.com</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>