We always want to give Surfshark’s users the best experience with our product. That means dealing with any bugs that may sneak into production and get on our users’ nerves. And the more analytical and creative minds work together, the fewer bugs there are to kill, right?

To fight those bugs, our QA team uses many different tools: various devices and virtual machines to test apps, different browsers, and extensions when testing the front end, TypeScript for functional test automation, Postman, Charles Proxy, and other tools to go even deeper. Can you join them in this eternal fight?

## If you want to:

- Functionally test solutions on our Windows app;
- Report and oversee the resolution processes of software defects in cooperation with the dev team;
- Collaborate in developing strategies and propel their implementation;
- Launch and perform tests that don’t have detailed cases;
- Proactively share your experience and the best practices with other team members;
- Cooperate with other QA team members, product developers, and managers to ensure smooth delivery of top-quality solutions.

## And you can check off:

- Proven experience in manual application testing;
- Interest in automated testing;
- Experience with software QA methodologies, tools, and processes;
- Proactivity, creativity, sharpness, attention to detail & self-discipline;
- Curiosity in breaking things.

## Bonus points if you:

- Have programming skills and networking knowledge;
- Have experience with using AI tools such as “Cursor” and “Copilot”.

## Here's the deal:

- **Growth and learning opportunities:** time dedicated to learning, conferences, online learning platforms, and books for your professional development;
- **Health and wellness:** we want you to feel and be your best. That's why we offer various benefits, from online workouts and a physical coach to health insurance and regular mental health checks;
- **Tools of your choice:** choose the technical equipment and tools you need to do your best work;
- **Community and celebrations:** get ready for long-lasting traditions such as yearly workation, Friday get-togethers, various team buildings and company celebrations;
- **Work-life balance:** We encourage working in the office, with the possibility of up to two remote days per week. Plus, with our WFA policy, you can work from almost anywhere in the world;
- **More days off:** additional vacation days depending on your tenure;
- **Premium Surfshark accounts:** for you, your family, and friends;
- **Gross salary:** 3000 - 5000 Eur/month. Although it may vary depending on your skills and experience.