<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p>We’re looking for a curious and analytical Fraud Detection Analyst to join our global Fraud &amp; Investigations team. You’ll analyse data, spot patterns, and write detection rules that help stop fraud in its tracks — playing a vital role in protecting consumers, businesses, and the integrity of our platform.</p>
<p>You’ll work on complex, often ambiguous challenges in the ever-evolving world of online trust. If you love solving problems, diving into data, and making a real difference - this is your chance.</p>
<p>You’ll be joining a collaborative, inquisitive team that values transparency, fairness, and a good sense of humour. As part of the wider Trust &amp; Transparency team, we’re driving change across the business—and working to make Trustpilot the universal symbol of trust online.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identify fraud trends and develop a deep understanding of fraudulent behavior on our platform through the use of SQL, Google BigQuery, and Google Looker.</li>
<li>Formulate rules based on your analysis to mitigate fraudulent behavior across our platform.</li>
<li>Carry out investigations of escalated cases related to potential misuse of our platform and assist with media, legal, and customer inquiries.</li>
<li>Partner with our data science experts to advance our technological and procedural approaches to identifying fraudulent activity.</li>
<li>Work closely with our engineering teams to enhance internal tools and databases that enable us to combat fraud and scale effectively.</li>
<li>Act as a key resource for other departments within Trustpilot by providing analysis of customer and reviewer behavior on the platform.</li>
<li>Present and communicate the results of analyses and investigations to a variety of stakeholders across the department and wider company.</li>
<li>Work closely with and report to our Lead Fraud &amp; Investigation Analyst.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in data analytics or a similar analytical role—this could be through formal education (e.g., a degree in Science, Mathematics, Computer Science) or equivalent practical experience.</li>
<li>Comfortable working with and interpreting large datasets.</li>
<li>A knack for answering difficult questions using data and the ability to translate complex findings into clear, actionable reports.</li>
<li>Proficiency in writing queries and preparing reports using SQL or a similar language.</li>
<li>Motivated by self-learning and the desire to grow your skills when faced with new challenges.</li>
<li>Prior knowledge of formulating rules to combat fraudulent behavior is a plus, but not a requirement.</li>
<li>The ability to manage multiple priorities effectively with a proactive, forward-thinking mindset.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you</li>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>25 days holiday per year, increasing to 28 days after 2 years of employment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities are supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Pension and life insurance</li>
<li>Health cash plan, online GP, 24/7, Employee Assistance Plan</li>
<li>Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Season ticket loan and a cycle-to-work scheme</li>
<li>Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for</li>
<li>Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials.</li>
<li>Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts, and more.</li>
<li>Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice</li>
<li>Talent acceleration programs: Fast-track your career with our tailored development programs designed to support growth at whatever stage of your career</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Still not sure?</strong></p>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences as well as how you will contribute to our working culture. So, even if you don’t feel you don't meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!</p>
<p>#LI-JR1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>