<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><strong>Are you an experienced People / HR Operations professional with a passion for all areas of HR?</strong> With a genuine interest and passion towards the operational side of HR? Do you want to be a part of building and scaling our HR Operations in Israel, as part of a truly global tech organization, spread across 32 markets? If this sounds like you, then we’d love to chat!</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>Since launching in Tel Aviv in 2018, we've grown beyond all expectations across the country! We're now in 280+ different Cities in Israel (with even more planned) and we're adding new partners on a daily basis, offering everything from pizza to paracetamol.</p>
<p>Our HR Operations team plays a critical role in ensuring smooth, compliant, and efficient support for a rapidly growing organization. This is a small but highly impactful team that handles hundreds of requests daily and leads projects that directly impact the employee experience and business continuity.</p>
<p><strong>We are now seeking a temporary HR Operations Specialist to cover a six-month maternity leave. </strong>The role is essential to maintaining seamless HR operations and requires a hands-on, detail-oriented, and service-minded professional with strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Full employee life cycle support, from onboarding to offboarding and everything in between.</li>
<li>Employee document administration (contracts, agreements, letters, etc.)</li>
<li>Responsibility for data quality and accuracy in HR systems (we use Workday) and employee records.</li>
<li>Supporting our managers and team mates in Israel with all of their HR and people-related policy, time-off, benefits, compensation and other questions.</li>
<li>Supporting in the maintenance of people policies and managers and employees guides.</li>
<li>Leading projects to improve efficiency in work processes and HR operations</li>
<li>Drafting and advising on local benefit and compensation related matters.</li>
<li>Working closely with our local partners, e.g. payroll and legal, to ensure that HR operations in your functions are running smoothly and compliantly.</li>
<li>Supporting high-volume hiring (contracts, systems, time tracking, payroll preparations) and ensuring compliant onboarding</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years in HR Operations from rapid growth environments</li>
<li>Proven experience supporting end-to-end employee lifecycle processes</li>
<li>Strong Excel and analytical skills: V-lookup, Pivot tables</li>
<li>Previous experience working with HRIS (Workday) – an advantage!</li>
<li>Hands-on experience in onboarding, offboarding, and employee documentation management</li>
<li>Experience with payroll processes and data accuracy</li>
<li>Close attention to detail and the ability to manage complex, sensitive cases</li>
<li>Experience in project management – an advantage!</li>
<li>Strong communication skills in English and Hebrew.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<p>A key role within Wolt’s HR Operations, supporting core people processes and employee experience</p>
<p>Ownership of critical HR workflows that directly impact employee lifecycle and organizational efficiency</p>
<p>Exposure to cross-functional stakeholders and collaboration with HR, Talent Acquisition, and business teams</p>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an ongoing basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>